 
Dell UltraSharp U3818DW Monitor
User’s Guide
Model: U3818DW
Regulatory model: U3818DWbDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
Notes, cautions, and warnings
 NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better 
use of your computer.
 CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potentia l damage to hardware or loss of 
data if instructions are not followed.
 WARNING:  A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
____________________
Copyright © 2017 Dell In c. All rights reserved. 
This product is protected by U.S. and internat ional copyright and intellectual property laws. 
DellTM and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other 
jurisdictions. All other marks and names ment ioned herein may be trademarks of their 
respective companies.
2017 - 06 Rev. A00
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents  |  3Contents
About Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .7
Identifying Parts and Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12Plug and Play Capability  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Setting Up the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Attaching the Stand. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Organizing Your Cables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Removing the Monitor Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
Wall Mounting (Optional). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
Operating the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Power On the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4  |  ContentsUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Setting the Maximum Resolution  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extens ion  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
Troubleshooting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51
Self-Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .51
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Speakers Specific Problems. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information . . . . . . .57
Contact Dell. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .57Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  5About Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Ensure that you have received all 
the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
Monitor
Stand Riser
Stand Base NOTE: Some items  may be optional and may not ship with your monitor. Some 
features or media may not be available in certain countries.
 NOTE: To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective stand setup 
guide for setup instructions. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power Cable (Varies by 
Country)
HDMI Cable 
DP Cable (DP to DP)
USB 3.0 Upstream Cable (Enables the USB Ports on 
the Monitor)
USB Type-C Cable
•Drivers and Documentation Media
•Quick Setup
  Guide
•Fa ctory Calibration 
Report
•Safety , Environmental, 
and Regulatory Information
6  |  About Your MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  7Product Features
The Dell U3818DW  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor (TFT), 
Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) and LED ba cklight. The monitor features include:
•95.29 cm (37.5-inch) viewable area display (measured diagonally). 
3840 x 1600 (21:9) resolution, plus fu ll-screen support for lower resolutions.
•Wide viewing angle to allow viewing fr om a sitting or standing position.
•Color gamut of 99% sRGB with an average Delta E < 2.
•Supports HDMI, USB Type-C, DisplayPort sources.
•Single USB Type-C to supply power to a compatible notebook while receiving video 
& data signal.
•Tilt, swivel, and vertical exte nsion adjustment capabilities.
•Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
setup with an elegant viewing experience.
•Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ea se of set-up and screen optimization.
•Software and documentation media includes an Information File (INF), Image Color 
Matching File (ICM), an d product documentation.
•Dell Display Manager Software included (comes in the CD shipped with the 
monitor).
•Security lock slot.
•Stand lock.
•0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
•Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.
 NOTE: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the monitor may 
cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital eye strain. ComfortView feature is designed to reduce the amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to 
optimize eye comfort.
•Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) and Pi cture in Picture (PIP) Select mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8  |  About Your MonitorIdentifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Front panel controls
Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  9Back View
Back view with monitor stand
Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes 
(
100 mm x 100 mm - 
behind attached VESA 
Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wall 
mo
unt kit (100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from monitor.
4 Barcode serial number labe
lRefer to this label if you need to contact Dell for tec
hnical support.
5 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them through 
the slot.LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10  |  About Your MonitorSide View
Description Use
1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
conn
ector after you have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB up stream connector on the 
monitor.*
2 USB downstream port with Power 
ChargingConnect to charge your device.
* To avoid signal interference, when a wireless USB device has been connected to a USB do
wnstream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the 
adjacent port(s).LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  11Bottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Description Use
1 AC power connector Connect the power cable.
2 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock (security lock not 
included
). 
3
(1
, 2)HDMI port connector Connect your computer with HDMI cable.
4 DisplayPort in 
conn
ectorConnect your computer with DP cable.
5 USB Type-C port Connect the USB Type-C cable that came with 
m
onitor with your monitor to the computer or mobile 
device. This port supports USB Power Delivery, Data, 
and DP video signal.
6 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers.*
7
(1
, 2)USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that came with your monitor 
to the computer
. Once this cable is connected, you 
can use the USB connect ors on the monitor.
8-1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
conn
ector after you have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB up stream connector on the 
monitor.**
8-2 USB downstream port with Power 
ChargingConnect to charge your device.
9 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
s
crew (screw not included).LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12  |  About Your Monitor* Headphone usage is not supported  for the audio line out connector.
** To avoid signal interference, when a wire less USB device has b een connected to a USB 
downstream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the 
adjacent port(s).
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Model U3818DW
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Type
Aspect ratio 21:9
Viewable image
Diagonal
Horizontal, Active Area
Vertical, Active Area
Area952.9 mm (37.5 inches)
879.67 mm (34.63 inches)
366.53 mm (14.43 inches)
322425.44 mm2 (499.76 inch2)
Pixel pitch 0.229 mm x 0.229 mm
Pixel per inch 111
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 300 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Antiglare with hard-coating 3H
Backlight LED edgelight system
Response time 8 ms for NORMAL mode
5 ms for FAST mode
Color depth 1.07 billion colors
Color gamut* 99% sRGB, 99% Rec 709, 78.1% DCI-P3
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average)
Built-in devices •2 x USB 3.0 upstream port
•4 x USB 3.0 downstream ports
•1 x USB Type-C portDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  13* At panel native only, under Custom Mode preset.
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range
(HDMI & DP & USB Type-C alternate mode)25 kHz to 115 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range(HDMI & DP & USB Type-C alternate mode)24 Hz to 85 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 1600 at 60Hz
Supported Video Modes
Video display capabilities 
(HDMI & DP & USB Type-C alternate mode)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, QHDConnectivity •2 x
 HDMI 2.0 (HDCP 2.2) 
•1 x DP 1.2 (HDCP 2.2) 
•2 x  USB 3.0 Upstream port
•2 x  USB 3.0 Downstream port (side)
•2 x  USB 3.0 Downstream port (bottom)
•1 x USB T ype-C (Alternate mode with DP1.2, Power 
Delivery, and USB2.0)
Border width (edge of 
monitor 
to active area)10.5 mm (Top)
10.0 mm (Left/Right)
19.8 mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand
Tilt
SwivelPivot0 to 115 mm
-5° to 21°
-30° to 30°N/A
Dell Display Manager (DDM) 
CompatibilityEasy Arrange, Input Manager, Auto Source, etc.
Security •Sec
urity lock slot (cable  lock sold separately)
•Anti-theft  stand lock slot (to panel)
Model U3818DW
Model U3818DWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14  |  About Your MonitorPreset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Fr
equency (kHz)Vertical 
Fr
equency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(M
Hz)Sync Polarity 
(H
orizontal/
Vertical)
VESA, 640 x 400 31.5 70.1 25.2 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 59.9 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.1 28.3 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 - R 49.3 59.9 71 +/-
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 1600* 98.8 60.0 395 +/-
* Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals HDMI 2.0*/DP 1.2, 600 mV for each differential line, 
100 ohm input
 impedance per differential pair. 
AC input voltage/frequency/current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz 
+ 3 Hz / 3 A 
(typical) 
Inrush current •120 V : 40 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
•220 V : 80 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
* Not Support HDMI 2.0 optional specificat ion, include HD MI Ethernet Channel (HEC), 
Audio Return Channel (ARC), standard for 3D format and resolutions, and standard for 4K 
digital cinema resolution.Model U3818DWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  15Speaker Specifications
Speaker 2 x 9.0 W
Frequency Response 100 Hz - 20 kHz
Impedance 8 ohm
Physical CharacteristicsModel U3818DW
Model U3818DW
Signal cable type •Digital: HDMI, 19 pins
•Digital:  DisplayPort, 20 pins•Univer
sal Serial Bus: USB, 4 pins
•Univer sal Serial Bus: Type-C, 24 pins
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 547.0 mm (21.54 inches)
Height (compressed) 432.0 mm (17.00 inches)
Width 894.0 mm (35.2 inches)
Depth 226.4 mm (8.91 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 396.8 mm (15.62 inches)
Width 894.0 mm (35.2 inches)
Depth 55.5 mm (2.19 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 417.6 mm (16.44 inches)
Height (compressed) 410.2 mm (16.15 inches)
Width 342.2 mm (13.47 inches)
Depth 226.4 mm (8.91 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 19.7 kg (43.4 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and cables 12.1 kg (26.7 lb)
Weight without stand assembly (For wall 
mount or VESA mount consi
derations - 
no cables)9.1 kg (19.9 lb)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16  |  About Your MonitorEnvironmental Characteristics
•RoHS-compliant
•BFR/PVC -free (Halogen-free) excluding external cables
•Meets NFP A 99 leakage current requirements
•Arsenic -Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only
Operating 0 °C to 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000  ft) (maximum)
•853 .04 BTU/hour (maximum)
•191. 08 BTU/hour (typical)Weight of stand assembly 2.5 kg (5.5 lb)
Front frame gloss Black Frame - 30 gloss unit (max.)
Model U3818DW
Compliant Standards
Temperature
HumidityAltitudeThermal dissipationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  17Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its powe r consumption when not in use. This is 
referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monito r automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumptio n and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA Modes Horizontal 
SyncVertical 
SyncVideo Power 
IndicatorPower 
Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 250 W (maximum)**
56 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Blanked White (blinking) Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
The OSD functions only in the normal oper ation mode. When any button is pressed in 
the Active-off mode, the following message will be displayed:
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
* Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only  be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with  max luminan ce, and USB active.
This document is informational only and refl ec ts laboratory performance. Your product 
may perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you 
ordered and shall have no obligation to up date such information. Accordingly, the 
customer should not rely upon this inform ation in making decisi ons about electrical 
tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or 
implied.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18  |  About Your MonitorPin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Con
nected Signal Cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX(p)
16 GND
17 AUX(n)
18 GND
19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the 
Con
nected Signal Cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT
About Your Monitor  |  19HDMI ConnectorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20  |  About Your MonitorPlug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification Data 
(EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) prot ocols so the system can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most mo nitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .
Universal Serial Bu s (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the monitor.
Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption*
Super-speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port) NOTE: This monitor is Super-Speed USB 3.0 compatible.
* Up to 2A on USB downstream port (port with 
  battery icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
USB 3.0 Type-C Description
Video DP1.2
Data USB 2.0
Power Delivery (PD) Up to 100 W and 95 W (typical)
USB Upstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  21USB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+
USB Type-C Connector
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
Pin Number Signal Name Pin Number Signal Name
A1 GND B1 GND
A2 TX1+ B2 TX2+
A3 TX1- B3 TX2-
A4 VBUS B4 VBUS
A5 CC B5 VCONN
A6 D+ B6Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22  |  About Your MonitorUSB Ports
•1 x USB Type-C - bottom
•2 x USB 3 .0 upstream - bottom
•2 x USB 3 .0 downstream - bottom
•2 x  USB 3.0 downstream - side
•Power Charging Port - the port with 
  battery icon; supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
 NOTE: USB 3.0 funct ionality requires a USB 3.0-capable computer.
 NOTE: The mon itor's USB interface works only  when the monitor is On or in the 
power save mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then turn it On, the attached 
peripherals may take a few second s to resume normal functionality.
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proce ss, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging st ate which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usabilit y. For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
 CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
 WARNING:  Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from 
the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while  unpacking, cleaning, or 
handling your monitor:
•T o clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tiss ue or solution suitable for the anti-
static coating. Do not use benzene, th inner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or 
compressed air.A7 D- B7
A8 SBU1 B8 SBU2
A9 VBUS B9 VBUS
A10 RX2- B10 RX1-
A11 RX2+ B11 RX1+
A12 GND B12 GND
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  23•Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some deterg ents leave a milky film on the monitor.
•If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
•Handle your monitor with care as a da rker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
•To help maintain the best image qualit y on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn O ff your monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24  |  Setting Up the MonitorSetting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
 NOTE: The stan d is detached when the mo nitor is shipped from the factory.
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective stan d setup guide for the set up instructions.
 CAU TION: Do not remove the monitor fr om the packaging box before attaching 
the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1Follo w the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the top 
cushion that secures it.
2Insert the sta nd base blocks fully into the stand slot.
3Lif t the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
4Afte r fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  255Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly.
6Attach the stand as sembly to the monitor.
aFit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of the 
monitor.
bPress the stand down till it snaps into place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26  |  Setting Up the Monitor7Place the monitor upright.
aSlide one hand in the cutout area on  the bottom cushion and use the other 
hand to hold the stand.
bLift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.
 CAUTION: Do not press on the pane l screen when l ifting the monitor.
8 Re move the cover from the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  27Connecting Your Monitor
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
 NOTE: Do not connect all cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1T urn Off your computer an d disconnect the power cable.
2Connect the  HDMI/DP/USB Type-C cable from  the monitor to your computer or 
USB Type-C device.
Connecting the HDMI cable
 NOTE: The default out of factory setting in the U3818DW is HDMI 2.0. If the 
monitor fails to show any content after the HDMI cable is connected, follow the 
procedures below to change the settings from HDMI 2.0 to HDMI 1.4:
•Pr ess second button next to the 
  button to activate the OSD menu.
•Use the 
  and 
  buttons to highlight Input Source , then use the 
  button 
enter the submenu.
•Use the 
  and 
  buttons to highlight HDMI .
•Pr ess and hold the 
  button for approximately 10 seconds, and the HDMI 
configuration message appears.
•Use the 
  button to select Disable  and change the settings.
Repeat the above steps to change the HDMI format settings if necessary.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28  |  Setting Up the MonitorConnecting the DisplayPo rt (DP to DP) cable
 NOTE: The default out of factory setting in the U3818DW is DP1.2. If the monitor 
fails to show any content after the DP ca ble is connected, follow the procedures 
below to change the settings from DP1.2 to DP1.1:
•Pr ess second button next to the 
  button to activate the OSD menu.
•Use the 
  and 
  buttons to highlight Input Source , then use the 
  button 
enter the submenu.
•Use the 
  and 
  buttons to highlight DP.
•Pr ess and hold the 
  button for approximately 10 seconds, and the DP 
configuration message appears.
•Use the 
  button to select Disable  and change the settings.
Repeat the above steps to change th e DP format settings if necessary.
Connecting the USB Type-C cable
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  29 NOTE: Use the USB Type-C cab le shipped with monitor only. 
•This port supports DisplayPort Alternate Mode (DP 1.2 standard only).
•The USB Type-C power delivery compliant port (PD Version 2.0) delivers up to 
100 W of power. 
•If your notebook requires more than 95  W to operate and the battery is drained, 
it may not be powered up or charge d with the USB PD port of U3818DW.
 CAUTION: The graphics are used for the pu rpose of illustration only. Appearance 
of the computer may vary.
Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
 NOTE: To prev ent data damage or loss, before  changing USB upstream ports, make 
sure that NO USB storage devices are in  use by the computer connected to the 
monitor’s USB upstream port.
After you have completed connecting th e HDMI/DP/USB T ype-C cable, follow the 
procedures below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the co mputer and complete your 
monitor setup:
1 a. Connect one computer: connec t the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to 
an appropriate USB 3.0 port on your computer. 
b. Connect two computers*:  conn ect the upstream USB 3.0 ports to appropriate 
USB 3.0 ports on the two computers. T hen use the OSD menu to select between 
the two USB upstream sources and input sources. See USB Select Switch .
2Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the do wnstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3Plu g the power cables for your comput er(s) and monitor into a nearby outlet.
a. Connect one computer
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30  |  Setting Up the Monitor* When connecting two computers to the moni tor, th e monitor's US B downstream ports 
for the keyboard and mouse can be assigned  to different input signals from the two 
computers by changing the USB Selection  settings from the OSD menu. (See USB 
Selection  for details).
4T urn On the monitor and the computer(s). 
If your monitor displays an image, installati on is complete. If it does not display an 
image, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems .
5Use the ca ble slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See Connecting Your 
Monitor  for cable attachment,) organi ze all cables as shown above.b. Connect two computersDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  31Removing the Monitor Stand
 NOTE: To prevent the curved LCD screen from being scratched and damaged 
while removing the stand, ensure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean foam. 
Direct contact with hard objects migh t cause damage to the curved monitor.
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective st and setup guide for the set-up instructions
.
To remove the stand:
1Place the mon itor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2Pr ess and hold the stand release button.
3Lif t the stand up and away from the monitor.
Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1Place the mon itor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
2Remove the stand.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32  |  Setting Up the Monitor3Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remo ve the four screws securing the plastic 
cover.
4Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
wall mounting kit.
 NOTE: For use only with UL-listed wall moun t bracket with minimum weight/load 
bearing capacity of 36.4 kg.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  33Operating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the 
  button to turn On the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust settings.
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key/
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset color modes.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34  |  Operating the MonitorFront Panel Button
Use the buttons on the fr ont of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
2
Shortcut key/
VolumeUse this button to adjust th e volume. Minimum is ‘0’ (-). 
Maximum is ‘100’ (+).
3
MenuUse the MENU  button to launch the On-Screen Display 
(OSD). See Accessing the Menu System .
4
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
5
Power
(with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and  fully 
functional. A glowing white light indicates the power save 
mode.
Front Panel Button Description
1
UpUse the Up button to adjust (increase ranges) items in the OSD menu.
2
DownUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease ranges) items in the OSD 
menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  35Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
 NOTE: If you change the settings and then eith er proceed to another menu or exit 
the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those changes. The changes are 
also saved if you change the settings and then wait for the OSD menu to disappear.
1Pr ess the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
2Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between the setting options. As you move 
from one icon to another, the option name  is highlighted. See  the following table 
for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3Pr ess the 
  button once to activate  the highlighted option.
4Pr ess 
  and 
  button to select the desired parameter.
5Pr ess 
  to enter the submenu and then use th e directional buttons, according to 
the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6Sele ct the 
  button to return to the main menu.3
OKUse the OK button to confirm your selection.
4
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36  |  Operating the MonitorIcon Menu and 
Submen
usDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the 
  button to increase the brightness and press the 
  
button to decrease the brightness (min. 0 / max. 100).
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when Dynamic 
Contrast is switched On.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust the Contrast  only if 
further adjustment is necessary.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease the contrast (min. 0 / max. 100).
The Con trast function adjusts the degree of difference between 
darkness and lightness on the monitor screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  37Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the different video 
signals that may be connected to your monitor.
USB Type-C Select the USB Type-C  input when you are using the USB Type-C 
connector. 
DP Select the DP input when you are using the DisplayPort (DP) 
connector. 
HDMI 1 Select the HDMI 1  input when you are using the HDMI 1 connector. 
HDMI 2 Select the HDMI 2  input when you are using the HDMI 2 connector. 
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available input 
sources.
Reset Input 
SourceReset your monitor input settings to the factory settings.
Color Use Color to adjust the color setting mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38  |  Operating the MonitorPreset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard , 
ComfortView , Multimedia , Movie, Game , Color Temp. ,or Custom 
Color  from the list.
•S t a n d a r d : Loads t he monitor's default color settings. This is the 
default preset mode.
•C o m f o r t V i e w : Decr eases the level of the blue light emitted from 
the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
NOTE: To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/
shoulder pain from using the moni tor for long periods of time, we 
suggest you to:
•set the screen about 20 to 28 inches (50 - 70 cm) from your 
eyes.
•blink frequently to moisten or rewet your eyes when working with the monitor.
•take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes every two hours.
•look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant object at 20 feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
•preform stretches to relieve tension in the neck/arm/back/shoulders during the breaks.
• Multimedia: Loads
  color settings ideal for multimedia 
applications.
•M o v i e : Lo ads color settings ideal for movies.
•G a m e : Loads color settings ideal for most gaming applications.
•C o l o r  T e m p . : Allows users to select the color temperature: 
5000K, 5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K, and 10000K.
• Custom Color : Allows you to manua lly adjust the color settings. 
Press the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the three colors (R, G, B) 
values and create your own preset color mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  39Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB : S elect this option if your monitor is connected to a computer 
(or DVD player) using the DP or HDMI or USB Type-C cable.
YPbPr : S elect this option if your DVD player supports only YPbPr 
output.
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to green or purple. 
This is used to adjust the desired flesh tone color. Use 
  or 
  to 
adjust the hue from '0' to '100'.
Use 
  to increase the green shade of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the purple shade of the video image.
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only when you select Movie  or 
Game  preset mode.
Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the video image. Use 
 or 
  to adjust the saturation from '0' to '100'.
Use 
  to increase the colorful appearance of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the monochrome  appearance of the video 
image.
NOTE: Saturation  adjustment is available only when you select 
Movie  or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color Reset your monitor color settings to the factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40  |  Operating the MonitorDisplay Use Display to adjust images.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wide 21:9 , Auto Resize , 4:3, or 1:1 .
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. Use 
  or 
 to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'.
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of  contrast to provide sharper and 
more detailed image quality.
Press the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  "On" or " Off".
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you select 
Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen uniformity compensation settings. Calibrated  is factory 
calibrated setting by default. Uniformity Compensation  adjusts 
different areas of the screen with respect to the center to achieve 
uniform brightness and color over the entire screen. For optimal 
screen performance, Brightness  and Contrast  for some preset 
modes ( Standard , Color Temp. ) will be disabled when Uniformity 
Compensation  is turned On.
NOTE: User is advised to use factory default brightness setting when 
Uniformity Compensation  is turned on. For other brightness level 
setting, the uniformity performance may deviate from the data 
shown on the Factory Calibration Report.
Reset Display Select this option to restore default display settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  41PIP/PBP This function brings up a window displaying image from another 
input source.
X X X X X X X X Sub-Window
Main Window
USB Type-C
DPUSB Type-C DP
HDMI 1HDMI 1
HDMI 2HDMI 2
NOTE: The images under PBP will be displayed at the center of the 
screen, not full screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42  |  Operating the MonitorPIP/PBP Mode Adjusts the PIP/PBP (Picture in Picture/Pict ure by Picture) mode to 
PIP Small , PIP Large, or PBP . You can disable this feature by selecting 
Off.
III
III
II IPBPPIP LargePIP Small
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be connected to 
your monitor for the PIP/PBP sub-window. 
PIP Location Select PIP sub-window position.
Use 
  or 
  to browse and 
  to select Top-Left , Top-Right , 
Bottom-Right , o r Bottom-Left .
USB Select 
SwitchSelect to switch between the US B upstream sources in PIP/PBP 
mode.
Audio Allows you to set the audio source from the main window or the 
sub-window.
Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and sub-window in PIP/PBP mode.
Contrast (Sub) Adjust the contrast level of the picture in PIP/PBP Mode.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease the contrast.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  43USB Selection Allows you to set the USB upstream port for the input signals (DP, 
HDMI 1, and HDMI 2), thus the monitor's USB downstream port (eg. 
keyboard and mouse) can be used by the current input signals when you connect a computer to either one of the upstream ports.
When you use only one upstream po rt, the 
 connected upstream port 
is active.
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before changing USB 
upstream ports, make sure that NO USB storage devices are in use by 
the computer connected to the monitor’s USB upstream port.
Audio
Volume Allows you to set the volume level of speakers.
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the volume level from '0' to '100'.
Speaker Allows you to enable or disable the speaker function.
Reset Audio Select this option to restore default audio settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44  |  Operating the MonitorMenu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, the 
languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on 
screen, and so on.
Language Language  options set the OSD display to one of the eight languages 
(English, Spanish, French, German , Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, 
Simplified Chinese or Japanese).
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by pressing the 
 and 
  buttons (Minimum: 0 ~ Maximum: 100).
Timer OSD Hold Time : sets the length of time the OSD will remain active 
after the last time you pressed a button.
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the slider in 1 second increments, from 5 to 
60 seconds.
Reset Menu Reset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  45Personalize
Shortcut Key 1 Allows you to choose a feature from Preset Modes , Brightness/
Contrast, Input Source , Aspect Ratio , Volume , PIP/PBP Mode , USB 
Select Switch , or Video Swap  and set it as a shortcut key.Shortcut Key 2
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or Off to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor standby 
mode.
NOTE: USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available when the 
USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will be greyed out 
when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset 
PersonalizationReset all settings under the Personalize  menu to the factory preset 
values
Others
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46  |  Operating the Monitor NOTE: This moni tor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness 
to compensate for LED aging.DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Comma nd Interface) allows your 
monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and etc.) to be 
adjustable via the software on your computer. 
You can disable this feature by selecting Off.
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum pe
rformance of your monitor.
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on the 
degree of image retention, the prog ram may take some time to run. 
You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Firmware Displays the firmware version of your monitor.
Reset Others Reset all settings under the Others  menu to the factory preset values.
Factory Reset Reset all settings to the factory preset values.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  47OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
the manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
When the monitor does not support a partic ular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with t he signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor.  Recom mended mode is 3840 x 1600.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48  |  Operating the MonitorWhen the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
If you press any button other than the powe r button, the following me ssage will appear 
depending on the selected input:
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
If either USB Type-C, HDMI, or DP input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
con
nected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
See Troubleshooting  for more information.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  49Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8, and Windows® 8.1:
1For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic 
desktop.
2Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3840 x 1600 .
4Click OK.
In Windows® 10:
1Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2Click Advanced display settings .
3Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3840 x 1600 .
4Click Apply .
If you do not see 3840 x 1600 as an option, you may need to update your graphics driver. 
Depending on your computer, complete  one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•Go to http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the 
latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell comp uter (portable or desktop):
•Go to the support site for your computer  and download the latest graphic drivers.
•Go to your graphics card website an d download the latest graphic drivers.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50  |  Operating the MonitorUsing the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt and swivel the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
 NOTE: The stan d is detached when the mo nitor is shipped from the factory.
Vertical Extension
 NOTE: The stan d extends vertically  up to 115 mm. The figure below illustrates how 
to extend the stand vertically.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  51Troubleshooting
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
1T urn off both your computer and the monitor.
2Un plug the video cable from the back of the computer.
3T urn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-s cr een (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending up on the selected input, the dialog shown 
below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
4This bo x also appears during normal syst em operation, if the video cable becomes 
disconnected or damaged.
5T urn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the pr evious pr ocedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because yo ur monitor is functioning properly.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52  |  TroubleshootingBuilt-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent  problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
 NOTE: Y ou can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged 
and the monitor is in self-test mode .
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1Ensur e that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
2Unp lug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
then goes into the self-test mode.
3Pr ess and hold Button 1  on the front panel for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.
4Care fully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5Pr ess Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
6Inspect the display  for any abnormalities.
7Repeat ste ps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and text 
screens.
The test is complete when the text  screen appe ars. To exit, press Button 1  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon us ing the built-in diagnostic tool, the 
monitor is functioning properly. C heck the video card and computer.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  53Common Problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor and the 
computer is properly connected and secure.
•Verify that the power outlet is functioning properly using 
any other electrical equipment.
•Ensure that the power button is pressed fully.
•Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input 
Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no brightness •Increase brightness & cont rast controls via OSD.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
•Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input 
Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, 
blurry, or 
ghosting•Eliminate video extension cables.
•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Change the video resolution to the correct aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery 
VideoWavy picture or fine movement •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Check environmental factors.
•Relocate the monitor and test in another room.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•Cycle power On-Off.
•Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural defect that can 
occur in LCD technology.
•For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has bright spots •Cycle power On-Off.
•Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect that can 
occur in LCD technology.
•For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .
Brightness Problems Picture too dim or too bright •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Geometric 
DistortionScreen not centered 
correctly•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Adjust horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54  |  TroubleshootingHorizontal/
Vertical LinesScreen has one or more lines •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check and determine if 
these lines are also in self-test mode.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization 
ProblemsScreen is scrambled or 
appears torn•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the 
scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Restart the computer in the safe mode .
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of smoke or sparks •Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor malfunctions on & off•Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly and is secure.
•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the 
intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing color •Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly and is secure.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not 
good•Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the Color menu 
OSD depending on the application.
•Adjust R/G/B value under Custom Color  in Color menu 
OSD.
•Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or YPbPr in the 
Color menu OSD.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the screen•Use the Power Management feature to turn off the monitor 
at all times when not in use (for more information, see 
Power Management Modes ).
•Alternatively, use a dynamically changing screensaver.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is centered on scre
en, but does 
not fill entire viewing area•Check the Aspect Ratio  se
 tting in the Display menu OSD.
•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
No Input Signal w
hen user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, the 
LED li
ght is white•Check the signal source. Ensure the computer is not in the 
power saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•Check 
whether the signal cable is plugged in properly. Re-
plug the signal cable if necessary.
•R eset the computer or video player.
The picture does not
 fill the 
entire screenThe picture can
not fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•D ue to different video formats (aspect ratio) of DVDs, the 
monitor may display in full screen.
•Run t he built-in diagnostics.
Troubleshooting  |  55Product Specific Problems
Universal Serial Bus (U SB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
USB interface is 
not workingUSB peripherals are not working•Check 
that your monitor is turned On.
•Reconnect the up stream cable to your computer.
•Reconnect the USB p eripherals (downstream connector).
•S witch Off and then turn On the monitor again.•Re
boot the computer.
•S ome USB devices like external portable HDD require higher 
electric current; connect the device directly to the 
computer system.
•Disc onnect one upstream USB cable when using two 
upstream connections.
USB Type-C port
 does not 
supply power USB peripherals can
 not be 
charged•Check that the connected device is compliant with the 
USB-C specification. The USB Type-C port supports USB 3.1 
with speeds up to 10 Gbps and an output of 95 W.
•Chec k that you use the USB Type-C cable shipped with 
your monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56  |  TroubleshootingSpeakers Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
No sound 
coming from the speakersCannot hear any sound•T
urn Off the monitor, unplug the monitor power cord, 
replug it, and then turn On the monitor. 
•Check the audio cable connection is connected correctly 
to the computer Audio Line Out port.
•U nplug the audio cable from the Audio Line Out port.
•R eset the monitor to factory settings.High Speed 
US
B 3.0 
interface is 
slowHigh Speed USB 
3.
0 peripherals 
working slowly or 
not working at all•Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
•S ome computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and USB 1.1 ports. 
Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
•Reconnect the up stream cable to your computer.
•Reconnect the USB p eripherals (downstream connector).
•Re boot the computer.
Wireless mouse 
is
 not working 
or laggingDo not respond or responds
 
slowly•I ncrease the distance between the USB 3.0 peripherals and 
the wireless USB receiver.
•Position your wireless USB r eceiver as close as possible to 
the wireless mouse.
•U se a USB-extender cable to position the wireless USB 
receiver as far away as possible from the USB 3.0 port.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix  |  57Appendix
WARNING:  Safety Instructions
 WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustment s, or procedures other than those 
specified in this documentation may result  in exposure to shock, electrical 
hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety in structions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory info rmation, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States , call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
 NOTE: If you do not have an active Inter net connection, you can find contact 
information on your purchase invoice, pa cking slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
•Online technical assistance ─ www.dell.com/support/monitors
•Contacting Dell ─ www.dell.com/contactdell
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
Filename: Self-cover_frontsa517093      Title: User's Guide - CRT Colo r Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [Cover] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 10      Page: 1 of 2      Printed: 11/24/04 09:17 AM User’s Guide 
CRT Color Monitor Series 
FS7600, mx705 
Manuel de l’utilisateur 
Moniteurs à écran cathodique couleur FS7600, mx705 
— LEA ESTO — 
Guía del usuario 
Serie de monitores en color de tubo de rayos catódicos FS7600, mx705 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
Filename: Self-cover_frontsa517093      Title: User's Guide - CRT Colo r Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [Cover] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 10      Page: 2 of 2      Printed: 11/24/04 09:17 AM  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 1 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM User’s Guide 
CRT Color Monitor Series 
FS7600, mx705 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 2 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM The information in this docu ment is subject to change 
without notice. 
The only warranties for HP products and services are set 
forth in the express warranty statements accompanying 
such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall 
not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions 
contained herein. 
HP assumes no responsibility fo r the use or reliability of its 
software on equipment that is not furnished by HP. 
This document contains prop rietary information that is 
protected by copyright. No part of this document may be 
photocopied, reproduced, or translated to another 
language without the prior written consent of HP. Hewlett-Packard Company 
P.O. Box 4010 Cupertino, CA 95015-4010 
USA 
Copyright © 2004–2005 Hewlett-Packard Development 
Company, L.P. 
HP supports lawful use of technology and does not endorse or 
encourage the use of our products for purposes other than those permitted by copyright law. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 3 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM  
Contents 
Packing Contents ..........................................1 
Repacking.....................................................1 
Introduction ..................................................1 Power Saving ...............................................2 Install the Monitor.........................................2 
User Controls an d Indicators .........................3 
Using the On-Screen Menu ............................4 
Individual Ad justment ...................................6 
Troubleshooting ............................................9 Servicing.....................................................10 Technical Specifications............................... 11 
Preset Modes.............................................. 12 
Agency Regulatory Notices......................... 12 
Federal Communications Commission Notice........... 12 Declaration of Conformity for Products Marked  
with FCC Logo, United States Only ......................... 13 
Canadian Notice.................................................. 14 
European Notice .................................................. 14 
Japanese No tice................................................... 14 
Korean Notice...................................................... 14 EPA Energy Star Compliance.................................. 15 Power Cord Set Requirements ................................ 15 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  iv      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 4 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
User’s Guide      1 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 1 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM Packing Contents 
The package contains: 
• CRT monitor 
• AC power cord 
• Monitor base 
• Documentation packet 
 
Repacking 
Save the original box and all packing material for 
future shipping needs. 
NOTE:  Packing materials and product are recyclable. Introduction 
This 17" CRT color monitor is a high performance and easy to use product. 
It employs the latest on-screen-menu technology. The 
microprocessor capability offers 10 most commonly 
used VESA timing modes pr eset in the factory, and 
10 modes for user to adjust to the special timings that 
user might have. 
We hope that you will find this manual is helpful in 
obtaining the fullest use of your monitor, and in 
ensuring your personal safety during operation. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 2 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM Power Saving 
The monitor will be driven into “Power Saving” mode 
by the control signal from the display controller, as 
indicated by the amber-color power LED. 
State Power Consumption LED Light 
ON Normal Green 
OFF < 4 W Amber 
 
The power saving states wi ll be kept until a control 
signal has been detected, or the keyboard or mouse is 
activated. The recovery time  from Active OFF state back 
to ON state is around 10 seconds. Install the Monitor 
• To connect the tilt/swivel base to the monitor, align hooks with the sockets on bottom side of the monitor, and gently push the base towards the front of the 
monitor. 
• The 15-pin D-shell signal connector on the signal cable will connect easily to the video adapter output 
on your personal computer. Lock both screws on the connector to ensure a firm connection. 
• Turn the PC power switch ON. Then turn the monitor power switch ON by pressing the switch inward. The green power indicator will light up. 
• Allow about 30 seconds for the CRT tube to warm up. Data will be displayed on the screen. 
• If your display fails to function properly, please first 
refer to the section “Troubleshooting” in this manual. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
User’s Guide      3 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 3 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM User Controls and Indicators 
A B C 12 
 
A Displays menu & exits menu 
B Scrolls through menu to choose an icon for adjustment / 
Adjusts level of selected icon 
C Confirms menu selection 1 Power LED 
2 Power ON/OFF switch Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 4 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM Using the On-Screen Menu 
1 Menu screen — press the menu  button to display the me nu below and exit menus 
 
• When the select  button is pressed, the sele cted adjustment screen appears. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
User’s Guide      5 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 5 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM 2 Adjustment screen (example: contrast adjustment) 
 
• When the menu  button is pressed, the adjustment level is stored, the adjustment screen is ended, and the 
menu screen returns. 
• When the select  button is pressed, the bright ness adjustment screen appears. 
NOTE:  The amount of adjustment depends upon how long you depress the adjustment button. You may have to 
tap the button to obtain the desired results. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 6 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM Individual Adjustment 
 
 CONTRAST adjustment 
Adjust the screen contrast to match your 
personal preference. 
Press the – button to decrease contrast and 
press the + button to increase it. 
Direct operation:  You can access the 
CONTRAST adjustment sc reen by pressing  
the – or + before entering the menu screen. 
Press the select  key toggles between 
CONTRAST and BRIGHTNESS. 
 BRIGHTNESS adjustment 
Adjusts the brightness to get the desired 
background level. 
Press the + button to make the background 
lighter, the – button to make it darker. 
Press the select  key toggles between 
CONTRAST and BRIGHTNESS.  
 HORIZONTAL SIZE adjustment 
Fills the viewable area horizontally. 
Press the – button to make the image narrower, 
or press + the button to make it wider. 
Press the select  key toggles between 
HORIZONTAL SIZE and HORIZONTAL 
POSITION. 
 HORIZONTAL POSITION adjustment 
Shifts the image on the screen horizontally. 
Press the – button to move the screen image to 
the left, or press the + button to move it to the 
right. 
Press the select  key toggles between 
HORIZONTAL SIZE and HORIZONTAL 
POSITION. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
User’s Guide      7 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 7 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM  
 VERTICAL SIZE adjustment 
Fills the viewable area vertically. 
Press the – button to make the image smaller, 
or press the + button to make it larger. 
Press the select  key toggles between VERTICAL 
SIZE and VERTICAL POSITION. 
 VERTICAL POSITION adjustment 
Shifts the image on the screen vertically. 
Press the – button to move it downward, or press 
the + button to move it upward. 
Press the select  key toggles between VERTICAL 
SIZE and VERTICAL POSITION 
 PINCUSHION adjustment 
The image can be corrected for barrel 
distortion. 
Press the – button or the + button to eliminate 
curved vertical lines. 
Press the select  key toggles between 
PINCUSHION and TRAPEZOID correction. 
  
 TRAPEZOID adjustment 
The image can be corrected for the trapezoidal 
distortion. 
Press the – button to narrow the top edge, or 
press the + button to make the top edge wider. 
Press the select  key toggles between 
PINCUSHION and TRAPEZOID correction. 
 PIN BALANCE adjustment 
The image can be corrected right or left. 
Right-Adjustment moves the top and bottom of 
the image to the right and Left-Adjustment moves 
the top and bottom of the image to the left. 
 PARALLELOGRAM adjustment 
The image can be corrected for parallelogram 
distortion. 
This control corrects the tilted vertical edges of 
the image on both sides of the screen that are in 
the same direction. 
 ROTATION adjustment 
The image can be correcte d for tilted picture. 
Press the – button to tilt the image to the left, or 
press the + button to tilt the image to the right. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 8 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM  
 COLOR selection 
The white of the image can be adjusted. 
Use the – + button to select: (1) 9300°K, 
(2) 6500°K, (3) 5500°K or (4) User color. 
Press the select  button to display the 
USER COLOR adjus tment screen. 
 User Color 
The white of the video image can be adjusted to 
the user’s preferred color. 
1 Use the select  button to select R (red), 
G (green) or B (blue). 
2 Use the – + button to adjust the color as 
desired. 
IMPORTANT:  Memory recall of the user’s color 
is not possible, so take note of the initial setting 
before adjusting. 
When the monitor is turned OFF, user color 
keeps the last adjustment.  
 Manual Degaussing 
After moving the selector to the degauss icon, 
press the select  button. The degaussing action 
takes place a few seconds later. 
NOTE:  A sharp snap noise may be heard when 
degaussing occurs. This is normal. 
 Memory Recall 
It is possible to restore adjustments to the 
original factory settings. If the monitor is 
operating in a user defi ned mode, this control 
has no effect. 
 Horizontal Moiré 
Reduce the dark wavy line Moiré pattern on the 
screen. 
Press the – or + button to minimize the 
horizontal moiré image on the screen. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
User’s Guide      9 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 9 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM  
 Vertical Moiré 
Reduce the dark wavy line Moiré pattern on the 
screen. 
Press the – or + button to minimize the vertical 
moiré image on the screen. 
 Troubleshooting 
If your monitor fails to operate functionally, it may be 
possible to correct the problem by making simple 
checks as follows: 
Problem Check & Adjust 
Blank screen 
(see NOTE) • Monitor power switch, power cord, signal cable, or connector 
• PC power switch 
• Brightness & contrast controls 
Display position off-center • Vertical centering & horizontal phase controls 
Display too small or too large • Vertical & horizont al size controls 
Display too bright 
or too dim • Brightness & contrast controls 
 
Refer to the operation instructions for your computer/ 
video adapter to ensure that you have the correct signal 
output source for the monitor. Ensure that the switches 
on the video adapter are set correctly for operation with this monitor. 
If the above steps fail to correct the problem contact 
your dealer for servicing by qualified service personnel. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 10 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM Please remember that the monitor should be returned 
for servicing together with the power cord. 
NOTE:  You can easily distinguish if the problem is on 
the monitor or on the computer by using the monitor’s 
built-in self-test function. 
With the monitor power ON, disconnect the signal 
cable from monitor. If yo u see a “NO SIGNAL” image 
on the screen, the monitor is functioning properly, and the problem is with the PC  side or signal cable. 
 Servicing 
Refer all servicing to qual ified service personnel. 
Serious shock hazards exist within the covers 
of this monitor. 
Do not open the covers under any 
circumstances — there are no user serviceable 
parts inside. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
User’s Guide      11 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 11 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM Technical Specifications 
 
Screen Size 17" (43 cm) visual diagonal 
Viewable size 16" (40.6 cm) Anti-Glare Coating 
Dot Pitch 0.25 to 0.27mm (variable) 
Display Area 
Default 234 x 312 mm (typical) 
Display Colors Infinite 
Max. Resolution 1280 Dots x 1024 Lines 
Compatibility All graphic modes with horizontal 
frequencies between 30 KHz to 
70 KHz 
Synchronization 
  Horizontal: 
  Vertical:  
30 to 70 KHz 
50 to 160Hz 
Bandwidth 110 MHz 
Input Signal Video RGB Analog Sync. 
TTL Separate 
Signal Cable 15-pin D-sub connector 
Power Input 
  Voltage/ 
  Frequency  
100 to 240V /sine 
50–60 Hz 
Current Rating 1.5 A  
Power 
Consumption 75 W (MAX.) 
Dimension  
(W x H x D) 15.9 x 16.0 x 16.7 inches 
(maximum) 
404 x 406 x 423 mm (maximum) 
Weight 37.5 lbs. (maximum) 
17 kg (maximum) 
Operating 
Temperature 50°F to 95°F 
10°C to 35°C 
Storage Temperature –22°F to 140°F 
–30°C to 60°C 
Humidity 20% to 80% (non-condensing) 
Altitude Up to 10,000 ft/3,048 meters 
TCO’03 Some models meet TCO’03 
MPRII Some models meet MPRII 
Plug and Play Yes 
 
* All performance spec ifications are provid ed by the component 
manufacturers. Performance specifications represent the highest 
specification of all HP’s compon ent manufacturers’ typical level 
specifications for performance and actual performance may vary 
either higher or lower. 
** TCO version has a different surface treatment. 
*** This product is ERGONOMICS APPROVED. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 12 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM Preset Modes 
Display 
Resolutions  
Refresh Rates 
640 x 480 60 Hz 
640 x 480 75 Hz 
640 x 480 85 Hz 
720 x 400 70 Hz 
800 x 600 75 Hz 
800 x 600 85 Hz 
1024 x 768 75 Hz 
1024 x 768 85 Hz (preferred user resolution) 
1152 x 864 75 Hz 
1280 x 1024 60 Hz (maximum resolution) 
 Agency Regulatory Notices 
Federal Communications 
Commission Notice 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply 
with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to 
Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to 
provide reasonable protec tion against harmful 
interference in a residential installation. This equipment 
generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency 
energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may ca use harmful interference to 
radio communications. Howeve r, there is no guarantee 
that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful 
interference to radio or television reception, which can 
be determined by turning th e equipment off and on, the 
user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by 
one or more of the following measures:  
• Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.  
• Increase the separation between the equipment and 
the receiver.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
User’s Guide      13 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 13 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM • Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit 
different from that to which the receiver is connected.  
• Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or 
television technician for help.  
 
Modifications 
The FCC requires the user to be notified that any 
changes or modifications made  to this device that are 
not expressly approved by Hewlett-Packard Company 
may void the user’s authority to operate the equipment.  
Cables 
Connections to this device must be made with shielded 
cables with metallic RFI/EMI connector hoods to 
maintain compliance with FCC Rules and Regulations.  Declaration of Conformity for 
Products Marked with FCC Logo, 
United States Only 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
(1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, 
including interference that may cause undesired 
operation.  
For questions regarding your product, contact:  
Hewlett-Packard Company 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113  
Houston, Texas 77269-2000  
Or, call  
1-800-652-6672  
For questions regarding this FCC declaration, contact:  
Hewlett-Packard Company 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 510101 
Houston, Texas 77269-2000  
Or, call  
(281) 514-3333  
To identify this product, refer to the Part, Series, 
or Model number found on the product.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 14 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM Canadian Notice 
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements of 
the Canadian Interference-Causing Equipment 
Regulations.  
Avis Canadien 
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B respecte toutes 
les exigences du Règlement sur le matériel brouilleur du 
Canada.  
European Notice 
Products with the CE Marking comply with both the 
EMC Directive (89/336/EEC ) and the Low Voltage 
Directive (73/23/EEC) issued by the Commission of the 
European Community.  
Compliance with these directives implies conformity 
to the following European Norms (in brackets are the equivalent international standards):  
• EN55022 (CISPR 22) — Electromagnetic 
Interference  
• EN55024 (IEC61000-4-2,3,4,5,6,8,11) — 
Electromagnetic Immunity  • EN61000-3-2 (IEC61000-3-2) — Power Line 
Harmonics  
• EN61000-3-3 (IEC61000-3-3) — Power Line Flicker  
• EN60950 (IEC950) — Product Safety  
 
Japanese Notice 
 
Korean Notice 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  English 
User’s Guide      15 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 15 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM EPA Energy Star Compliance 
Monitors that are marked with the Energy Star® Logo 
meet the requirements of the EPA Energy Star program. 
As an Energy Star Partner, Hewlett-Packard Company 
has determined that this product meets the Energy Star guidelines for energy efficiency. Specific details on 
using the Energy Saving features can be found in the 
energy saver or power management section of the computer manual.  
Power Cord Set Requirements 
The monitor power supply is provided with Automatic 
Line Switching (ALS). This feature allows the monitor to operate on input voltages between 100–120V /sine 
or 200–240V /sine. 
The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) received 
with the monitor meets the requirements for use in the 
country where you purchased the equipment.  
If you need to obtain a power cord for a different 
country, you should purchase a power cord that is 
approved for use in that country.  The power cord must be rated for the product and 
for the voltage and current marked on the product’s 
electrical ratings label. Th e voltage and current rating 
of the cord should be gr eater than the voltage and 
current rating marked on the product. In addition, the 
cross-sectional area of the wire must be a minimum of 
0.75 mm² or 18AWG, and the length of the cord must 
be between 4.94 fe et (1.5 m) and 12 feet (3.6 m). 
If you have questions about the type of power cord to use, contact your HP authorized service provider.  
A power cord should be routed so that it is not likely to 
be walked on or pinched by items placed upon it 
or against it. Particular atte ntion should be paid to the 
plug, electrical outlet, and the point where the cord exits from the product. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16      User’s Guide 
 
Filename: sa517093.doc      Title: User’s Guide 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 36      Page: 16 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:35 PM  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 1 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Manuel de 
l’utilisateur 
Moniteurs à écran cathodique couleur 
FS7600, mx705 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 2 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Les informations contenues dans  ce document peuvent faire 
l’objet de modifications sans préavis. 
Les garanties des produits et services HP sont exclusivement 
présentées dans les déclarat ions expresses de garantie 
accompagnant ces produits et services. Aucun élément de ce document ne saurait être considéré comme une garantie 
supplémentaire. La société HP ne saurait être tenue 
responsable des erreurs ou omi ssions de nature technique ou 
rédactionnelle qui pourraient  subsister dans ce document. 
La société HP n’assume aucune responsabilité quant à 
l’utilisation ou à la fiabilité de ses logiciels sur un matériel qui 
n’est pas fourni par HP. 
Ce document contient des informations en propriété exclusive 
protégées par copyright. Aucune partie de ce document ne 
peut être photocopiée, reprodui te ou traduite dans une autre 
langue sans l’autorisation  écrite préalable de HP. Hewlett-Packard Company 
P.O. Box 4010 Cupertino, CA 95015-4010 
États-Unis 
Copyright © 2004–2005 Hewlett-Packard Development 
Company, L.P. 
HP est en faveur d’une utilisation licite des technologies et 
n’appuie pas ni n’encourage l’ut ilisation de produits pour 
d’autres fins que celles autorisées par la loi sur les droits 
d’auteur. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      iii 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 3 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Table des matières 
Contenu ........................................................1 
Emballage.....................................................1 Introduction ..................................................1 
Économie d’ énergie.......................................2 
Installation du  moniteur ................................2 
Boutons de réglage et indicateurs .................3 Utilisation de l’affichage à l’écran (OSD) .......4 
Réglages indi viduels .....................................6 
Dépannage .................................................10 Réparatio ns ................................................11 Spécifications techniques ............................ 12 
Modes prér églés......................................... 13 
Avis de conformité des agences.................. 14 
Réglementation de la FCC ..................................... 14 
Déclaration de conformité  des produits portant  
le logo FCC (États-Unis uniquement)........................ 14 
Avis canadien ...................................................... 15 Avis euro péen ...................................................... 15 
Avis japonais ....................................................... 16 Avis coréen.......................................................... 16 Homologation EPA Energy Star .............................. 16 Cordons d’alimentation ......................................... 16 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  iv      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 4 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      1 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 1 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Contenu 
L’emballage contient les éléments suivants : 
• Moniteur à écran cathodique 
• Cordon d’alimentation c.a. 
• Socle du moniteur 
• Documentation 
 
Emballage 
Conservez l’emballage original pour une éventuelle 
réexpédition ultérieure. 
REMARQUE :  Les matériaux utilisés pour l’emballage 
sont recyclables. Introduction 
Ce moniteur 17" (43 cm) à écran cathodique couleur est un produit simple à utiliser et offrant de hautes performances. 
Il utilise les toutes dernières technologies en matière de 
menu à l’écran. Les fonctio nnalités du microprocesseur 
permettent de proposer 10 modes VESA préréglés 
parmi les plus couramment  utilisés, et 10 modes 
paramétrables par l’utilisateur. 
Nous espérons que ce manuel vous apportera les 
informations nécessaires pour tirer le meilleur parti de votre moniteur dans les meilleures conditions de 
sécurité. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 2 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Économie d’énergie 
Le moniteur passe en mode « économie d’énergie » sur 
un signal du contrôleur d’écran. Le voyant lumineux du moniteur devient alors jaune ambré.  
 
État Consommation 
électrique Voyant 
lumineux 
ALLUMÉ Normale Vert 
ÉTEINT < 4 W Ambre 
 
Le moniteur restera en mode économie d’énergie 
jusqu’à ce qu’un signal de contrôle soit détecté ou 
que le clavier ou la souris soient activés. Le temps 
nécessaire pour retourner à l’état allumé à partir 
du mode veille est d’environ dix secondes. Installation du moniteur 
• Pour monter le socle inclinable, alignez les crochets avec les ouvertures prévues sur la face inférieure du moniteur, puis enclenchez délicatement le socle au 
bas du moniteur. 
• L’extrémité du câble d’interface possède un connecteur de contrôle à 15 broches, en forme 
de D, qui se branche facile ment à la sortie vidéo de 
votre ordinateur personnel. Vissez les deux vis du 
connecteur pour garantir un branchement solide. 
• Mettez l’ordinateur sous te nsion. Allumez ensuite le 
moniteur en appuyant sur so n bouton d’alimentation. 
Le témoin lumineux prend une couleur verte. 
• Il faut environ 30 secondes au tube cathodique pour 
être prêt à l’utilisation. Les données s’affichent alors 
à l’écran. 
• Si l’affichage ne foncti onne pas correctement, 
reportez-vous à la sectio n « Dépannage » de ce 
document. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      3 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 3 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Boutons de réglage et indicateurs 
A B C 12  
 
A Affiche ou ferme le menu 
B Permet de se séplacer dans le  menu pour choisir une icône 
de réglage / Ajuste le réglage correspondant à l’icône sélectionnée 
C Confirme la sélection du menu 1 Voyant d’alimentation 
2 Interrupteur d’alimentation (marche/arrêt) Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 4 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Utilisation de l’affichage à l’écran (OSD) 
1 Écran du menu — Appuyez sur le bouton pour afficher  le menu ci-dessous ou pour sortir d’un menu 
1024x768
H:68.7K
V:85HzKMarque de sélection
Pour déplacer la marque de sélection à l’emplacement désiré, appuyer sur le bouton – +
Icônes d’ajustement
/g3
• L’appui sur le bouton select  fait apparaître l’écran de réglage correspondant. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      5 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 5 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM 2 Écran de réglage (par exemple, réglage du contraste) 
100%Icône d’ajustement Le niveau d’ajustement est indiqué par un chiffre ainsi 
que par une barre. L’indication de ce niveau peut être changé en appuyant sur le bouton du front – +.
 
• Lorsque vous appuyez sur le bouton menu , le réglage effectué est enregistré, l’écran de réglage disparaît, 
et vous êtes ramené à l’écran du menu. 
• L’appui sur le bouton select  fait apparaître l’écran de réglage de la luminosité. 
REMARQUE :  Le niveau du réglage dépend de la durée pendan t laquelle vous appuyez sur le bouton de réglage. 
Il se peut que vous deviez effe ctuer plusieurs pressions rapides po ur obtenir le résultat souhaité. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 6 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Réglages individuels 
 
 Réglage du CONTRASTE 
Réglez le niveau de contraste de l’écran suivant 
votre convenance personnelle. 
Appuyez sur le bouton – pour diminuer le 
contraste, sur le bouton + pour l’augmenter. 
Utilisation directe :  Vous pouvez accéder à 
l’écran de réglage du co ntraste directement en 
appuyant sur – ou + avant d’entrer dans le 
menu. 
Un appui sur le bouton select  permet de 
basculer entre CONTRASTE et LUMINOSITÉ. 
 Réglage de la LUMINOSITÉ 
Réglez la luminosité de façon à obtenir le 
niveau de fond souhaité. 
Appuyez sur le bouton + pour éclaircir le fond, 
sur le bouton – pour l’assombrir. 
Un appui sur le bouton select  permet de 
basculer entre CONTRASTE et LUMINOSITÉ.  
 Réglage de la TA ILLE HORIZONTALE 
Remplit la surface horizontale disponible. 
Appuyez sur le bouton – pour rendre l’image 
plus étroite, sur le bouton + pour l’élargir. 
Un appui sur le bouton select  permet de 
basculer entre TAILLE HORIZONALE et 
POSITION HORIZONTALE. 
 Réglage de la POSITION HORIZONTALE 
Déplace l’image horizontalement sur l’écran. 
Appuyez sur le bouton – pour déplacer l’image 
vers la gauche, sur le bouton + pour la déplacer 
vers la droite. 
Un appui sur le bouton select  permet de 
basculer entre TAILLE HORIZONALE et 
POSITION HORIZONTALE. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      7 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 7 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM  
 Réglage de la TAILLE VERTICALE 
Remplit la surface verticale disponible. 
Appuyez sur le bouton – pour diminuer la 
hauteur de l’image, sur le bouton + pour 
l’augmenter. 
Un appui sur le bouton select  permet de 
basculer entre TAILLE VERTICALE et POSITION 
VERTICALE. 
 Réglage de la PO SITION VERTICALE 
Déplace l’image verticalement sur l’écran. 
Appuyez sur le bouton – pour la déplacer vers 
le bas, sur le bouton + pour la déplacer vers 
le haut. 
Un appui sur le bouton select  permet de 
basculer entre TAILLE VERTICALE et POSITION 
VERTICALE.  
 Réglage des COUSSINS 
La distorsion en coussinet éventuelle peut être 
corrigée.  
Appuyez sur les boutons – ou + pour éliminer la 
courbure sur la hauteur de l’image. 
Un appui sur le bouton select  permet de 
basculer entre la correction de la COUSSINS et 
du TRAPÉZOÏDE. 
 Réglage du TRAPÉZOÏDE 
La distorsion en trapézoïde éventuelle peut être 
corrigée. 
Appuyez sur le bouton – pour rendre le haut de 
l’image plus étroite, sur le bouton + pour 
l’élargir. 
Un appui sur le bouton select  permet de 
basculer entre COUSSINS et TRAPÉZOÏDE. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 8 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM  
 Réglage de ROTATION 
Il est possible de fair e pivoter l’image pour 
corriger tout défaut d’inclinaison.  
Appuyez sur le bouton – pour faire pivoter 
l’image vers la gauche, sur le bouton + pour la 
faire pivoter vers la droite. 
 Réglage de l’ÉQUILIBRAGE 
Cette image peut être corrigée par la gauche ou 
par la droite. 
Le réglage par la droite déplace le haut et le 
bas de l'image vers la dr oite, et le réglage par 
la gauche déplace le haut et le bas de l'image 
vers la gauche. 
 Réglage du PARALLÉLOGRAMME 
Cette image peut être corrigée afin de 
supprimer la distorsion en parallélogramme. 
Ce réglage corrige les deux bords verticaux de 
l'image inclinés dans la même direction. 
  
K Réglage de la TEMPÉRATURE DE COULEUR 
La température du blanc de l’image peut être 
modifiée. 
Utilisez les boutons – + pour sélectionner : 
(1) 9300°K, (2) 6500°K, (3) 5500°K ou 
(4) Couleur définie par l’utilisateur. 
Appuyez sur le bouton select  pour afficher 
l’écran de réglage de la couleur personnalisée. 
 Couleur définie par l’utilisateur 
Le blanc de l’image pe ut être réglé pour 
correspondre à une couleur de préférence définie 
par l’utilisateur. 
1 Utilisez le bouton select  pour choisir 
R (rouge), V (vert) ou B (bleu). 
2 Utilisez les boutons – + pour obtenir la couleur 
désirée. 
IMPORTANT :  Il n’est pas possible de mémoriser 
la couleur définie par l’utilisateur ; il est donc 
conseillé de noter le réglage initial avant toute modification. 
Lorsque le moniteur est ÉTEINT, la couleur définie 
par l’utilisateur est conservée. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      9 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 9 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM  
 Démagnétisation 
Amenez le curseur de sélection sur l’icône 
de dégaussage, puis appuyez sur le bouton  select . Le dégaussage a lieu quelques secondes 
plus tard. 
REMARQUE :  Il se peut que le dégaussage 
produise un bruit de déclic relativement 
important. C’est un phénomène normal. 
 Redéfinir 
Il est possible de rétablir  les réglages d’usine. Si 
le moniteur fonctionne da ns un mode défini par 
l’utilisateur, ce bouton n’a aucun effet. 
  
 Moiré horizontal 
Réduit les courbes moirées apparaissant à 
l’écran.  
Appuyez sur les boutons – ou + pour réduire 
le moiré horizontal de l’image. 
 Moiré vertical 
Réduit les courbes moirées apparaissant à 
l’écran. 
Appuyez sur les boutons – ou + pour réduire 
le moiré vertical de l’image. 
/g3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 10 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Dépannage 
Si votre moniteur ne fonctio nne pas correctement, il est 
possible que le problème puisse être corrigé par les simples vérifications suivantes : 
Le problème est... Vérifiez et corrigez... 
Écran vide 
(voir REMARQUE) • Interrupteur d’alimentation du moniteur, câble d’alimentation, 
câble d’interface, ou connecteur 
• Interrupteur d’alimentation de l’ordinateur 
• Boutons de réglage de la luminosité et du contraste 
Image non centrée • Boutons de réglage de l’alignement vertical et de la phase horizontale 
Image trop petite ou trop grande • Boutons de réglage de la taille horizontale et verticale 
Image trop claire ou 
trop sombre • Boutons de réglage de la luminosité et du contraste 
/g3Reportez-vous aux instructions d’utilisation de votre 
ordinateur ou de votre carte graphique pour vous 
assurez que vous disposez bi en d’un signal de sortie 
adapté au moniteur. Vérifiez que les interrupteurs sur la 
carte vidéo sont correctement réglés pour une utilisation 
avec ce moniteur. 
Si les étapes ci-dessus ne réussissent pas à corriger le 
problème, contactez votre re vendeur afin d’obtenir une 
réparation par du person nel technique qualifié. 
Rappelez-vous qu’en cas de réexpédition pour 
réparation, le moniteur doit  être réexpédié avec son 
cordon d’alimentation. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      11 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 11 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM REMARQUE :  Vous pouvez savoir facilement si le 
problème provient du monite ur ou de l’ordinateur, à 
l’aide de la fonction d’autotest intégré. 
Le moniteur étant ALLUMÉ , débranchez le câble 
d’interface du moniteur. Si un message « AUCUN 
SIGNAL » apparaît à l’écran, le moniteur fonctionne 
correctement, et le problème provient de l’ordinateur ou 
du câble d’interface. 
/g3Réparations 
Laissez le soin de toute réparation à du personnel technique qualifié. 
Il existe un danger de choc électrique grave 
dans le boîtier du moniteur. 
N’ouvrez en aucun cas le boîtier du 
moniteur — il ne contient aucune pièce 
réparable ou remplaçable par l’utilisateur. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 10      Page: 12 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 04:37 PM Spécifications techniques 
Taille de l’écran Diagonale de 17" (43 cm) 
Affichage visible de 16" (40,6 cm) 
Revêtement anti-reflet 
Pas de masque 0,25 à 0,27 mm (variable) 
Surface 
d’affichage par 
défaut 234 x 312 mm (surface typique) 
Couleurs 
d’affichage Infinies 
Résolution maximale 1280 points x 1024 lignes 
Compatibilité Tous modes graphiques dont la fréquence horizontale est comprise 
entre 30 kHz et 70 KHz. 
Synchronisation 
  Horizontale : 
  Verticale :  
30 à 70 kHz 
50 à 160 Hz 
Bande passante 110 MHz 
Signal d’entrée RVB vidéo analogique sync. TTL à part 
Câble d’interface Connecteur 15 broches en D   
Alimentation 
  Voltage/ 
  Fréquence  
100 à 240 V /sine 
50–60 Hz 
Courant nominal 1,5 A 
Consommation 
électrique 75 W (max.) 
Dimensions  
(L x H x P) 15,9 x 16,0 x 16,7 pouces 
(maximum) 
404 x 406 x 423 mm (maximum) 
Poids 37,5 livres. (maximum) 
17 kg (maximum) 
Température de 
fonctionnement 50 °F à 95 °F 10 °C à 35 °C 
Température de stockage –22 °F à 140 °F 
–30 °C à 60 °C 
Humidité 20 % à 80 % (sans condensation) 
Altitude Jusqu’à 10000 pieds / 3048 m 
Norme TCO‘O3 Certains modèles sont conformes à 
la norme TCO’03 
MPRII Certains modèles sont conformes à 
la norme MPRII 
Prêt à l’emploi 
(Plug and Play) Oui 
/g3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      13 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 13 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM * Les indications de performance mentionnées sont fournies par les 
fabricants des composants. Ces indications de performance représentent le meilleur niveau atteint par les fabricants de 
composants pour HP ; les performa nces typiques constatées peuvent 
varier, en-dessus ou en-dessous de ce niveau. 
** La version TCO utilise un traitement de surface différent. 
*** Ce produit a reçu un AGRÉMENT D’ERGONOMIE. 
Modes préréglés 
Résolution 
d’affichage Fréquence de 
rafraîchissement 
640 x 480 60 Hz 
640 x 480 75 Hz 
640 x 480 85 Hz 
720 x 400 70 Hz 
800 x 600 75 Hz 
800 x 600 85 Hz 
1024 x 768 75 Hz 
1024 x 768 85 Hz (résolution préférable pour 
l’utilisateur) 
1152 x 864 75 Hz 
1280 x 1024 60 Hz (résolution maximale) 
/g3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 14 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Avis de conformité des agences 
Réglementation de la FCC 
Ce matériel a été testé et jugé conforme aux normes de 
la classe B concernant le s équipements numériques, 
selon l’article 15 de la régl ementation FCC. Ces limites 
sont destinées à assurer un e protection raisonnable 
contre les interférences dans un environnement 
résidentiel. Ce matériel génè re, utilise et peut émettre 
de l’énergie haute fréquence et, s’il n’est pas installé et utilisé conformément au manuel d’utilisation, risque de 
provoquer des interférences. Cependant, tout risque 
d’interférences ne peut être totalement exclu : s’il constate des interférences lors de la réception 
d’émissions de radio ou de té lévision (il suffit pour le 
vérifier d’allumer et d’éteindre successivement l’appareil), l’utilisateur devra prendre les mesures 
nécessaires pour les éliminer. À cette fin, il devra :  
• réorienter ou déplacer l’antenne réceptrice ; 
• augmenter la distance séparant l’équipement du 
récepteur ; 
• brancher le matériel sur un  autre circuit que celui du 
récepteur ; 
• consulter le revendeur ou un technicien de 
radio/télévision expérimenté. Modifications 
La FCC requiert que l’utilisateur soit averti que toute 
modification de cet éq uipement non approuvée 
expressément pas la société Hewlett-Packard pourrait 
annuler le droit de l’utilisateur d’utiliser l’équipement.  
Câbles 
Les câbles branchés à ce t équipement doivent être 
blindés et comporter de s capots de connecteur 
métalliques de type RFI/EMI pour être conformes aux 
règles et réglementations de la FCC.  
Déclaration de conformité des 
produits portant le logo FCC 
(États-Unis uniquement) 
Ce matériel est conforme à l’alinéa 15 de la 
réglementation de la FCC.  Son fonctionnement est 
soumis à deux conditions : (1) cet équipement ne peut 
pas causer d’interférences et (2) cet équipement doit 
accepter toute interférence reçue, y compris les interférences susceptibles d’entraîner un mauvais 
fonctionnement.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      15 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 15 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM En cas de question relative  à votre produit, contactez :  
Hewlett-Packard Company 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113  
Houston, Texas 77269-2000 — États-Unis  
Ou appelez le :  
1-800-652-6672  
En cas de question relative  à cette déclaration FCC, 
contactez :  
Hewlett-Packard Company 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 510101  Houston, Texas 77269-2000 — États-Unis  
Ou appelez le :  
(281) 514-3333  
Pour identifier ce produit,  se référer aux numéros de 
pièce, de série ou de modè le figurant sur le produit.  
Avis canadien 
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B respecte toutes 
les exigences du Règlement sur le matériel brouilleur du 
Canada.  Avis européen 
Les produits portant le logo CE sont conformes à la 
directive EMC (89/336/EEC) et  à la directive sur les 
basses tensions (73/23/E EC) publiées par la 
Commission de la Communauté Européenne.  
Le respect de ces directives implique la conformité 
aux Normes Européennes suivantes (les normes 
internationales correspondantes sont indiquées entre 
parenthèses) :  
• EN55022 (CISPR 22) — Interférences 
électromagnétiques 
• EN55024 (IEC61000-4-2,3,4,5,6,8,11) — Immunité électromagnétique 
• EN61000-3-2 (IEC61000-3-2) — Limites pour les émissions de courant harmonique 
• EN61000-3-3 (IEC61000-3-3) — Limitation des 
fluctuations de tension et du flicker 
• EN60950 (IEC950) — Sécurité du produit Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 16 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM Avis japonais 
/g3
Avis coréen 
/g3Homologation EPA Energy Star 
Les moniteurs portant le logo Energy Star® respectent les 
directives Energy Star de l’EPA (agence américaine de 
protection de l’environnement). En tant que partenaire 
Energy Star, Hewlett-Pack ard Company s’est assurée 
que ce produit satisfait aux lignes directrices d’Energy 
Star en matière d’utilisation efficace de l’énergie. Vous 
trouverez des instructions spéc ifiques sur l’utilisation des 
fonctions d’économie d’énergie de votre ordinateur au 
chapitre gestion de l’alimentation du manuel de votre 
ordinateur.  
Cordons d’alimentation 
Le bloc d’alimentation de votre moniteur est doté d’un 
sélecteur automatique de te nsion (ALS pour Automatic 
Line Switching). Cette fonction permet au moniteur de fonctionner avec des tensions d’entrée comprises entre 
100 et 120 V /sine ou entre 200 et 240 V /sine. 
L’ensemble du cordon d’alimentation (cordon flexible et 
fiche murale) fourni avec le moniteur est conforme aux 
exigences du pays où vous avez acheté l’équipement.  
Si vous comptez utiliser votre ordinateur dans un autre 
pays, vous devez acheter un cordon conforme à la 
réglementation de ce pays.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Français 
  Manuel de l’utilisateur      17 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 11      Page: 17 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 04:47 PM Le cordon d’alimentation doit être adapté au produit, 
à la tension et au courant nominaux inscrits sur 
l’étiquette du produit. La tension et le courant nominaux du cordon doivent être supérieurs à ceux qui sont 
indiqués sur le produit. De plus, la section du fil doit 
être de 0,75 mm² ou 18AWG au minimum, et la longueur du cordon doit être comprise entre 1,5 m 
(4,94 pieds) et 3,6 m (12 pieds). Pour toute question 
relative au type de cordon d’alimentation à utiliser, contactez un fournisseur de services HP agréé.  
Le cheminement du cordon d’alimentation doit être étudié de manière à ce qu’il ne puisse pas être piétiné 
ou écrasé par des objets plac és sur ou contre lui. Vous 
devez faire particulièrement attention à la fiche, à la prise murale et au point où le cordon sort de l’appareil. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18      Manuel de l’utilisateur 
 
Filename: sa517093R.doc      Title: User's Guid e - CRT Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [French] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSER St udios      Last Saved By: WASSER Studios 
Revision #: 8      Page: 18 of 22      Printed: 12/01/04 12:39 PM  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 47      Page: 1 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 04:43 PM — LEA ESTO — 
Guía del usuario 
Serie de monitores en color de tubo 
de rayos catódicos 
FS7600, mx705 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 2 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM La información de este docume nto está sujeta a cambios sin 
previo aviso. 
Las únicas garantías de los productos y servicios de HP se 
estipulan en las declaracione s de garantía expresas que 
acompañan a los productos y servicios. Nada de lo mencionado aquí debe interpretarse como garantía 
adicional. HP no será respons able de los errores técnicos o 
editoriales ni de las omisiones que contenga el presente 
documento. 
HP no asume responsabilidad alguna derivada del uso o la 
fiabilidad de este software, si se utiliza en equipos no 
suministrados por HP. 
Este documento contiene info rmación propia protegida por 
derechos de autor. No se auto riza que ninguna parte de este 
documento sea fotocopiada, re producida o traducida a otro 
idioma, sin el previo consentimiento escrito de HP. Hewlett-Packard Company 
P.O. Box 4010 Cupertino, CA 95015-4010 
EE.UU. 
© 2004–2005 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P. HP defiende el uso legal de la  tecnología y no respalda ni 
fomenta el uso de sus productos para fines distintos de los 
permitidos por las leyes de  propiedad intelectual. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      iii 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 3 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Índice de materias 
Contenido de la Compra................................1 
Reembalaje...................................................1 Introducción ..................................................1 
Ahorro de Energía.........................................2 
Instalación de l Monitor..................................2 
Controles e Indicadores del Usuario ..............3 Uso del Menú en Pantalla .............................4 
Ajuste Individual ...........................................6 
Solución de Problemas..................................9 
Mantenimiento............................................10 Característica s Técnicas .............................. 11 
Modos Predef inidos.................................... 12 
Avisos de Agencias Reguladoras ................ 13 
Aviso de la Comisión Federal de Comunicaciones.... 13 
Declaración de conformidad de los productos 
marcados con el logotipo FCC,  sólo para Est ados Unidos ...................................... 14 
Aviso para Canadá .............................................. 14 
Aviso para Europa................................................ 14 
Aviso para Japón.................................................. 15 
Aviso para Corea ................................................. 15 Cumplimiento con EPA Energy Star ......................... 15 Requisitos del cable de alimentación....................... 16 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  iv      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 4 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      1 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 1 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Contenido de la Compra 
El paquete incluye lo siguiente: 
• Monitor de tubo de rayos catódicos 
• Cable de alimentación de CA (ca) 
• Base del monitor 
• Documentación 
 
Reembalaje 
Guarde la caja original y todo el material de embalaje 
en caso que resulte necesario transportar el monitor en un futuro. 
NOTA:  Los materiales y el producto de embalaje son 
reciclables. Introducción 
Este monitor en color de tubo de rayos catódicos de 17" (43 cm) es un producto fácil de usar y de alto 
rendimiento. 
Utiliza la última tecnología de menús en pantalla. La 
capacidad de microprocesador ofrece los 10 modos 
de temporización VESA más utilizados predefinidos de 
fábrica, así como 10 modos que el usuario puede ajustar para definir las frecuencias especiales que 
pudiera necesitar. 
Esperamos que este manual le ayude a obtener el 
máximo rendimiento del monitor y a preservar su 
seguridad personal dura nte su utilización. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 2 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Ahorro de Energía 
Una señal de control de la tarjeta controladora de 
vídeo pasará el monitor al modo ”Ahorro de Energía”, 
y se indicará mediante un LED de color ámbar. 
Estado Consumo de energía Indicador LED 
ON Normal Verde 
OFF < 4 W Ámbar 
 
Los estados de ahorro de energía se mantienen hasta 
que se detecta una señal de  control o se activa el 
teclado o el ratón. El ti empo de recuperación del 
APAGADO al ENCENDIDO será de 10 segundos aproximadamente. Instalación del Monitor 
• Para conectar la base de inclinación/basculación al monitor, alinee los enganches con las ranuras de la parte inferior del monitor y presione con cuidado la 
base hacia la parte frontal del monitor. 
• El conector de 15 patillas con forma de D del cable se conectará fácilmente con la salida de adaptador 
de vídeo de su PC. Fije ambos tornillos al conector para comprobar que la conexión está bien 
asegurada. 
• Active la alimentación del equipo. A continuación 
active el interruptor ON de l monitor, pulsando hacia 
dentro el botón. Se en cenderá el indicador de 
alimentación de color verde. 
• Espere 30 segundos a que se caliente el tubo de 
rayos catódicos. Aparecerán los datos en la 
pantalla. 
• Si el monitor no funciona correctamente, consulte 
primero el apartado “Solución de problemas” de 
este manual. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      3 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 3 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Controles e Indicadores del Usuario 
A B C 12  
 
A Muestra el menú y lo cierra 
B Se desplaza a través del menú para permitir la selección 
de un icono para el ajuste /Ajusta los niveles del icono 
seleccionado 
C Confirma la selección del menú 1 LED de alimentación 
2 Interruptor ON/OFF de alimentación Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 4 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Uso del Menú en Pantalla 
1 Pantalla de menú: pulse el botón menu  para mostrar el menú, que apar ece a continuación, así como 
para cerrarlo 
1024x768
H:68.7K
V:85HzKMarca de selección
Pulse el botón – + para desplazar la marca 
de selección al lugar deseado.
Iconos de ajuste
 
• Cuando se pulse el botón select , aparecerá el ajuste de pantalla seleccionado. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      5 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 5 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM 2 Ajuste de pantalla (ejemplo: contraste) 
100%Icono de ajuste El nivel de ajuste aparece tanto con un número 
como con una barra. Puede modificarlo con los botones frontales – +.
 
• Cuando se pulse el botón menu , se guardará el nivel de aj uste, se cerrará el ajuste de pantalla y volverá a 
la pantalla de menú. 
• Cuando se pulse el botón select , aparecerá el ajuste de control de brillo. 
 
NOTA:  La cantidad de ajuste depende del ti empo que deje sin pulsar el botón de ajuste. Tal vez necesite pulsar 
varias veces el botón para ob tener los resultados deseados. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 6 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Ajuste Individual 
 
 Ajuste CONTRASTE 
Ajusta el contraste de la pantalla para definir 
el valor que prefiera. 
Pulse el botón – para reducir el contraste 
y + para aumentarlo. 
Funcionamiento directo:  Puede acceder a la 
pantalla de CONTRASTE pulsando los botones – o + antes de acceder a la pantalla de menú. 
Pulse la tecla select  para cambiar de 
CONTRASTE a BRILLO y viceversa. 
 Ajuste BRILLO 
Ajusta el brillo para obtener el nivel de fondo 
que desee. 
Pulse el botón + para iluminar el fondo y – para 
oscurecerlo. 
Pulse la tecla select  para cambiar de 
CONTRASTE a BRILLO y viceversa.  
 Ajuste TAMAÑO HORIZONTAL 
Completa el área visible en sentido horizontal. 
Pulse el botón – para reducir la imagen 
y + para ampliarla. 
Pulse la tecla select  para cambiar de 
TAMAÑO HORIZONTAL a POSICIÓN 
HORIZONTAL y viceversa. 
 Ajuste POSICIÓN HORIZONTAL 
Desplaza la imagen de la pantalla en sentido 
horizontal. 
Pulse el botón – para desplazar la imagen de la 
pantalla a la izquierda y + para hacerlo hacia 
la derecha. 
Pulse la tecla select  para cambiar de 
TAMAÑO HORIZONTAL a POSICIÓN 
HORIZONTAL y viceversa. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      7 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 7 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM  
 Ajuste TAMAÑO VERTICAL 
Completa el área visible en sentido vertical. 
Pulse el botón – para reducir la imagen 
y + para ampliarla. 
Pulse la tecla select  para cambiar de 
TAMAÑO VERTICAL a POSICIÓN VERTICAL 
y viceversa. 
 Ajuste POSICIÓN VERTICAL 
Desplaza la imagen de la pantalla en sentido 
vertical. 
Pulse el botón – para desplazar la imagen 
hacia abajo y + para subirla hacia arriba. 
Pulse la tecla select  para cambiar de 
TAMAÑO VERTICAL a POSICIÓN VERTICAL y viceversa.  
 Ajuste EFECTO COJÍN 
Puede corregir la distorsión tipo cojín de la 
imagen. 
Pulse los botones – o + para eliminar las líneas 
verticales curvas. 
Pulse la tecla select  para cambiar de EFECTO 
COJÍN a EN TRAPECIO y viceversa. 
 Ajuste TRAPEZOIDE 
Puede corregir la distorsión trapezoidal de la 
imagen. 
Pulse el botón – para estrechar el extremo 
superior o bien +para ampliarlo. 
Pulse la tecla select  para cambiar de EFECTO 
COJÍN a EN TRAPECIO y viceversa. 
 Ajuste ROTACIÓN 
Puede corregir la distorsión de inclinación de la 
imagen. 
Pulse los botones – y + para inclinar la imagen 
a la izquierda y a la derecha respectivamente. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 8 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM  
 Ajuste BALANCE DE PIN 
Esta imagen puede co rregirse a derecha o 
izquierda. 
El ajuste hacia la derecha desplaza las partes 
superior e inferior de la  imagen a la derecha y 
el ajuste a la izquierda las desplaza hacia la izquierda. 
 Ajuste PARALELOGRAMO 
Se puede corregir el parámetro distorsión de 
paralelogramo de la imagen. 
Este control corrige la inclinación de los 
extremos verticales de la imagen a ambos lados 
de la pantalla que están en la misma dirección. 
K Selección TEMPERATURA DE COLOR Puede ajustar la proporción de blanco de la imagen. 
Utilice el botón – + para seleccionar: 
(1) 9300°K, (2) 6500°K, (3) 5500°K o (4) color del usuario. 
Pulse el botón frontal select  para observar la 
pantalla de ajuste color del usuario.  
 Color del usuario Puede ajustar la proporción de blanco de la imagen con el color preferido por el usuario. 
1 Utilice el botón select  para seleccionar 
R (rojo), G (verde) o B (azul). 
2 Utilice el botón – + para ajustar el color 
como prefiera. 
IMPORTANTE:  No es posible recuperar de la 
memoria el color del usuario, por tanto, tome 
nota del ajuste inicial antes de modificarlo. 
Cuando apague el monitor, el color del usuario 
guarda el último ajuste. 
 
 DESMAGNETIZACIÓN 
Tras desplazar el selector al icono de 
desmagnetización, pulse el botón select . 
La anulación del imantado tiene lugar unos 
segundos después. 
NOTA:  Cuando se anula el imantado puede 
percibirse un sonido agudo que es totalmente 
normal. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      9 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 9 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM  
 REINICIO 
Es posible recuperar los ajustes de la 
configuración original de fábrica. Si el monitor funciona en un modo de finido por el usuario, 
este control no surte ningún efecto. 
 MUARÉ HORIZONTAL 
Reduce el patrón muaré de líneas oscuras 
onduladas de la pantalla. 
Pulse los botones – o + para minimizar la 
imagen de muaré horizontal de la pantalla. 
 MUARÉ VERTICAL 
Reduzca el patrón de mu aré de líneas oscuras 
de la pantalla. 
Pulse los botones – o + para minimizar la 
imagen de muaré vertical de la pantalla. 
 Solución de Problemas 
Si el monitor no funciona, tal vez pueda corregir el problema 
realizando sencillas comprobaciones de esta forma: 
Problema Compruebe y ajuste 
Pantalla en negro 
(Ver NOTA) • Interruptor de alimentación del monitor, cable de alimentación, 
cable de señal 
• Interruptor de alimentación del equipo 
• Controles de brillo y contraste 
Presentación 
descentrada • Controles de fase de centrado vertical y horizontal 
Presentación 
demasiado pequeña o grande • Controles de tamaño vertical y horizontal 
Presentación demasiado brillante 
u oscura • Controles de brillo y contraste 
 
Consulte las instrucciones de funcionamiento de su PC 
y del adaptador de vídeo para  asegurarse de que la 
señal de salida es adecuada para el monitor. 
Compruebe que los interruptores del adaptador de 
vídeo están correctamente  configurados para su 
funcionamiento con este monitor. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 10 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Si los pasos anteriores no corrigen el problema, 
diríjase al distribuidor para que el personal técnico 
cualificado se haga cargo del problema. 
Recuerde que el servicio de  mantenimiento precisa que 
envíe también el cable de alimentación. 
NOTA:  Para distinguir si el problema es del monitor o 
de su PC, utilice la función de auto comprobación integrada del monitor. 
Con el monitor encendido, desconecte el cable del 
monitor. Si aparece en pantalla una imagen “NO 
SIGNAL” (sin señal) el monitor funciona correctamente 
y el problema radica en su PC o bien en el cable. 
 Mantenimiento 
Confíe el mantenimiento a pe rsonal técnico cualificado. 
Si abre la cubierta del monitor corre un grave 
peligro de electrocución. 
No abra las cubiertas bajo ningún motivo, 
ninguno de los componentes internos precisa 
mantenimiento. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      11 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 49      Page: 11 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 04:50 PM Características Técnicas 
 
Tamaño de la 
pantalla 17" de diagonal visible (43 cm) 
Tamaño visible 16" (40,6 cm 
[40.6 cm]) 
Capa antirreflectante 
Tamaño en 
puntos De 0,25mm (0.25mm) a 0,27mm (0.27mm) (variable) 
Área de 
visualización Predeterminada Barrido total  
(altura x anchura) 234 x 312 mm (típica) 
Colores de visualización Infinitos 
Resolución máxima 1280 puntos x 1024 líneas 
Compatibilidad Todos los modos gráficos con 
frecuencias horizontales entre 
30 KHz y 70 KHz 
Sincronización 
  Horizontal: 
  Vertical:  
De 30 y 70 KHz 
50 a 160Hz 
Ancho de banda 
de vídeo 110 MHz  
Señal de entrada Sinc. analógica RGB vídeo 
TTL aparte 
Cable de señal Conector D-sub de 15 patillas 
Entrada de 
alimentación / 
Frecuencia de 
voltaje  
100 a 240V /sine 
50–60 Hz 
Clase de corriente 1,5 A (1.5 A) 
Consumo de 
energía 75 W (Máx.) 
Dimensión  
(anchura x altura 
x fondo) 15,9 (15.9) x 16,0 (16.0) x 16,7 (16.7) pulgadas (máximo) 
404 x 406 x 423 mm (máximo) 
Peso 37,5 (37.5) libras (máximo) 
17 kg (máximo) 
Temperatura en 
funcionamiento De 50°F a 95°F De 10°C a 35°C 
Temperatura en 
almacenamiento De –22°F a 140°F De –30°C a 60°C 
Humedad De 20% a 80% (sin condensación) 
Altitud Hasta 10000 pies / 3048 metros 
(continuación) Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 12 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM (continuación)  
TCO’03 Algunos modelos cumplen la 
normativa TCO’03 
MPRII Algunos modelos cumplen la 
normativa MPRII 
Plug and Play Sí 
 
* Todas las especificaciones de rendimiento han sido proporcionadas 
por los fabricantes de los componentes. Las especificaciones de 
rendimiento representan la especificación más alta de todos los niveles típicos de los fabricantes de componentes de HP y el 
rendimiento real puede variar tanto superior como inferiormente. 
** La versión TCO tiene un tratamiento diferente de la superficie. 
*** Este producto está AP ROBADO ERGONÓMICAMENTE. Modos Predefinidos 
Resoluciones 
de pantalla  
Frecuencias de actualización 
640 x 480 60 Hz 
640 x 480 75 Hz 
640 x 480 85 Hz 
720 x 400 70 Hz 
800 x 600 75 Hz 
800 x 600 85 Hz 
1024 x 768 75 Hz 
1024 x 768 85 Hz (resolución de usuario preferida) 
1152 x 864 75 Hz 
1280 x 1024 60 Hz (resolución máxima) 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      13 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 13 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Avisos de Agencias 
Reguladoras 
Aviso de la Comisión Federal de 
Comunicaciones 
Este producto ha sido sometido a pruebas para 
certificar que cumple con lo s límites establecidos para 
los dispositivos digitales de clase B en la Parte 15 de 
las normas de la FCC. Estos límites se han establecido 
para proporcionar un grado razonable de protección 
contra interferencias perjudiciales en un área residencial. Este equipo genera, utiliza y puede emitir 
energía de radiofrecuenci a. De no instalarse y 
utilizarse según las instru cciones, este aparato puede 
causar interferencias en las comunicaciones de radio. 
Sin embargo, no se puede garantizar que no se 
originen interferencias en una instalación determinada. 
Si este equipo causa interferencias perjudiciales para 
la recepción de radio o televisión, lo que puede 
determinarse por medio de l encendido y el apagado 
del equipo, el usuario debe intentar solucionar la  interferencia con una o varias de las medidas 
siguientes:  
• Cambie la orientación o ubicación de la antena. 
• Aumente la distancia entre el equipo y el aparato 
receptor. 
• Conecte el equipo a la toma de corriente de un 
circuito distinto del co nectado al receptor. 
• Consultar al distribuidor o a un técnico de radio o 
televisión experimentado  para obtener ayuda. 
 
Modificaciones 
La FCC exige que se adviert a al usuario de que todo 
cambio o modificación qu e se realice en este 
dispositivo y no esté expresamente aprobado por 
Hewlett-Packard Compan y puede anular la 
autorización del usuario para manejar el equipo.  
Cables 
Las conexiones de este disp ositivo han de  realizarse 
con cables apantallados con fundas de conectores RFI/EMI metálicas para mantener el cumplimiento de 
las normas y reglamentos de la FCC.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 14 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Declaración de conformidad de los 
productos marcados con el logotipo 
FCC, sólo para Estados Unidos 
Este dispositivo cumple co n el Apartado 15 de las 
Reglas FCC. El funcionamiento está sujeto a las dos 
condiciones siguientes: (1) este dispositivo no debe 
provocar interferencias dañi nas, y (2) este dispositivo 
debe aceptar cualquier interf erencia recibida, incluidas 
las que puedan ocasionar un funcionamiento 
incorrecto.  
Para preguntas relativas al producto, póngase en 
contacto con:  
Hewlett-Packard Company 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113  
Houston, Texas 77269-2000 — EE.UU.  
o llame al teléfono  
1-800-652-6672  
Para preguntas relativas a es ta declaración de la FCC, 
póngase en contacto con:  
Hewlett-Packard Company 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 510101  
Houston, Texas 77269-2000 — EE.UU.  o llame al teléfono  
(281) 514-3333  
Para identificar este producto, indique el número de 
pieza, de serie o de modelo que encontrará en el 
producto.  
Aviso para Canadá 
Este aparato digital de Clas e B cumple con todos los 
requisitos de los reglamento s canadienses referentes a 
los equipos que producen interferencias.  
Avis Canadien 
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B respecte toutes 
les exigences du Règlement sur le matériel brouilleur du 
Canada.  
Aviso para Europa 
Los productos con el logotipo CE cumplen tanto con la 
Directiva EMC (89/336/EEC) como la Directiva de 
Bajo Voltaje (73/23/EEC) emit idas por la Comisión de 
la Comunidad Europea.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Español 
Guía del usuario      15 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 15 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM El cumplimiento de estas di rectivas implica conformidad 
a las siguientes Normas Eu ropeas (en paréntesis se 
muestran los equivalentes internacionales): 
• EN55022 (CISPR 22) — Interferencias electromagnéticas 
• EN55024 (IEC61000-4-2,3,4,5,6,8,11) — 
Inmunidad Electromagnética 
• EN61000-3-2 (IEC61000-3-2) — Harmónicos en la 
línea de alimentación 
• EN61000-3-3 (IEC61000-3-3) — Inestabilidad en la línea de alimentación 
• EN60950 (IEC950) — Seguridad del producto 
 
Aviso para Japón 
 Aviso para Corea 
 
Cumplimiento con EPA Energy Star 
Los monitores que portan el logotipo de Energy Star® 
cumplen los requisitos del programa EPA Energy Star. Como asociado de Energy Star, Hewlett-Packard 
Company ha determinado que este producto cumple 
las directrices de Energy Star  en cuanto al uso eficiente 
de la energía. Se puede encontrar información 
específica acerca de cómo utilizar las funciones de 
ahorro de energía en las secciones de ahorro de 
energía o de gestión de la energía del manual del 
ordenador.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16      Guía del usuario 
 
Filename: sa517093P.doc      Title: User's Guide - CRT Color Monitor Series  FS7600, vx74 [Spanish]] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 45      Page: 16 of 20      Printed: 12/01/04 12:42 PM Requisitos del cable de 
alimentación 
La fuente de alimentación  del monitor viene con ALS 
(Automatic Line Switching, Conmutación automática 
de línea). Esta caracterís tica permite al monitor 
funcionar a tensiones de entrada que oscilan entre 
los 100–120 V /sine o 200–240V /sine. 
El juego de cables de alim entación (cable flexible o 
enchufe de pared) recibidos con el monitor cumplen los 
requisitos para su utilización en el país donde se compró el equipo.  
Si necesita obtener un cabl e de alimentación para un 
país distinto, deberá comprar un cable de alimentación 
que esté homologado para su uso en ese país.  El cable de alimentación debe estar calibrado para el 
producto y para la tensión y corriente marcados en la 
etiqueta de valores eléctricos nominales del producto. Los valores nominales de te nsión y corriente del cable 
deben ser mayores que los valores nominales de 
tensión y corriente del prod ucto. Además, la sección 
transversal del cable debe se r, como mínimo, de 0,75 
mm² (0.75 mm²) o 18 AWG, y la longitud del cable 
debe ser de 1,5m (1.5 m) (4,94 pies), como mínimo, y 3,6 m (3.6 m) (12 pies) como máximo. Si tiene 
preguntas sobre el tipo de cable de alimentación que 
debe utilizar, póng ase en contacto con el proveedor 
autorizado de HP.  
El cable de alimentación debe colocarse de forma que 
no pueda pisarse o quedarse pillado por elementos 
que se pongan encima o se  apoyen en el mismo. Hay 
que prestar una atención espe cial al enchufe, la toma 
eléctrica y el punto en el que el cable sale del 
producto. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
Filename: Self-cover_bac ksa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide - CR T Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [Back] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 10      Page: 1 of 2      Printed: 12/01/04 02:15 PM  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
Filename: Self-cover_bac ksa517093.doc      Title: User's Guide - CR T Color Monitor Series FS7600, vx74 [Back] 
Template: Print_2004.dot      Author: WASSE R Studios      Last Saved By: billm 
Revision #: 10      Page: 2 of 2      Printed: 12/01/04 02:15 PM  
Printed in 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   0  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HP 24wm  LED Backlit Monitor  
User Guide   1  
 
 
 
© 2015 Hewlett -Packard Development Company, L.P.  
 
Microsoft, Windows, and Windows Vista are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft 
Corporation in the United States and/or other countries . 
 
The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements 
accompanying such  products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an 
additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or  editorial errors or omissions contained herein. 
This document contains proprietary information that is protected by copyright. No part of this document 
may be photocopied, reproduced, or translated to another language without the prior written consent of 
Hewlett -Packard Company.  
 
First Edition  (Feb. 2015) 
 
Document Part Number:  805798 -001 2  
 
Chapter I.  Introduction  
1.1  Features  
 Multilingual OSD adjustment  
 Compatible  with IBM VGA, extended VGA, VESA VGA, SVGA, XGA, and SXGA modes  
 Wide range of ap plicable voltages (AC 100 -240V  50/60Hz ) enables direct use without any  
setting.  
 Plug-and-play VESA DDC1/ 2B Standard. Compat ible with Windows 9x / 2000 / XP / 7 / 8/Vista 
operation systems  
1.2  Check list  
Please make sure the following items are included with you r LCD monitor;  
 The monitor (and the pedestal)  
 Stand 
 Power cord  
 VGA cable  
 DVI cable (Optional)  
 Documentation and software Disc 
 Setup poster  
 Warranty  
 
If any of these items are missing, please contact your dealer for technical support and custom 
service.  
 
 Note: Be sure to save original box and all packing materials for future transport.  
  3  
Chapter II.  Installation  
2.1  Install the pedestal  
 
Please follow the steps illustrated below to install the pedestal.  
 
 
  4 2.2  Connect your monitor to your computer  
 
1. Power off and unplug your computer.  
2. Connect the 15 -Pin ends of the signal ca ble to the VGA port of your monitor and the VGA OUT jack 
on the back of your computer. Secure the screws on both ends of the signal cable.  
3. Connect one end  of power  cord to the monitor, then connect the other end of the power cords  to the 
nearest electr ical outlet.  
4. Power on your computer and monitor. If your monitor displays an image, the installation has been 
successfully done. If the monitor does not display any image, check all the connections.  
 
Cautions:   1. For installation, please complete sig nal cord connection before plugging the power cord 
into the electrical outlet to avoid damaging the monitor.  
2. During installation, please support the front frame with your hand at its center of gravity to 
avoid dropping and damaging the monitor.  
      
 
Overview of the ports  on the monitor:  
1. AC power supply input  
2.  DVI signal input  
3.  VGA signal input   5 2.3  Disconnect the pedestal  for shipping  
 
 Press the clip button on the pedestal and remove the pedestal from the stand.  
 
 
 
 
 
  6 Chapter III.  Monitor overview  
 
Overview of front panel controls  
 
 
 
 
  7 Chapter IV.  Operational Instruction  
4.1  Power ON/OFF Switch  
Press this button to power on/off your monitor. Note: The ON/OFF switch does not disconnect your 
monitor from the main voltage. To complet ely disconnect the main voltage, please remove the 
power plug from the socket.  
 
4.2  Power indicator  
The power LED  is blue when the monitor operates normally. If the monitor runs in power -saving 
mode, this indicator changes to amber. When the monitor is tu rned off, this indicator is unlit.  
 
4.3  Menu features  
All the following features of your monitor can be accessed and adjusted by using the on screen 
display (menu ) system.  
1. If your monitor is not powered on, press the "Power ” button to turn it on.  
2. Press the "Menu ” button to activate the OSD menu. The OSD main menu will be displayed.  
3. To view the main menu or submenu, press the “+” on the front panel of your monitor to scroll up 
or the “ -” to scroll down. Then press the "OK” button to select a h ighlighted function.  
When the highlight scrolls down to the bottom of the menu, it returns to top of the menu. When the 
highlight scrolls up to the  top of the menu, it returns to bottom of the menu."  
4. To adjust the selected option, press the “+” or “ -” button.  
5. Select “Save ” and return.  If you do not want to save the setting, select “Cancel ” from the 
submenu or “Exit” from the main menu.  
6. Press the “Menu ” button to exit from the OSD menu.  
  8 4.4  OSD operational instructions  
Icon Main menu 
option  Submenu option  Note  
  
  Brightness   To adjust the brightness level of the 
screen. The factory default range is 
90. 
 Contrast   To adjust the contrast level of the 
screen. The factory default range is 
80. 
 
 
 
 Color   Selects the screen color.The 
factor y is 6500K or Custom 
color,depending on the mode.  
  Warm - 5000K  Changes color to slightly reddish 
white.  
  Standard - 6500K  Uses standard colors (default).  
  Cool- 9300K  Change color to slightly blueish 
white.  
  Custom (RGB)  Selects and adjusts you r own color 
scales:  
 
Red Color – sets your own red color 
levels.  
 
Green Color – sets your own green 
color levels.  
 
Blue Color – sets your own blue 
color levels.  
 Image control   To adjust the image on the screen. 
The ambient brightness sensor can 
also be enab led or disabled (only 
applicable to some models)  
  Auto-adjustment  To automatically adjust the image 
on the screen (only applicable to 
VGA input).   
  Clock  and P hase  To adjust the clock phase of the 
screen.  
This adjustment eliminates all 
horizontal n oises to enable clearer 
and more lifelike images and  9 characters (only applicable to VGA 
input)  
  Horizontal position  To adjust the horizontal position of 
an image (only applicable to VGA 
input).   
  Vertical position  To adjust the vertical position o f an 
image (only applicable to VGA 
input).   
  Custom Scaling  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Selects the method on how 
displayed information on the 
monitor will be formatted.Select  
 
Fill to Screen – image fills the entire 
screen and may look distorted or 
elongated because of 
non-proportional scaling of height 
and width.  
 
Fill to Aspect Ration – image is 
sized to fit the screen and maintains 
proportional image.  
  Shar pness  Adjusts the screen image  to look 
sharper or soft.  (range:1~6)  
   Dynamic Contrast  Turns Dynamic Contra st Ratio On 
or Off.The factory default is Off.  
 OSD Control   Provides a menu for adjusting the 
on-screen display(OSD)control.  
  Mode Display  The resolution, refresh rate and 
frequency information will be 
displayed when the OSD main 
menu is accessed. Pl ease select 
“On” or “Off” as the factory default 
on-off setting .  
  Monitor Status  The operational status of your 
monitor will be displayed when you 
power on your monitor. To select 
the positions where the status 
information is displayed:  
Top  
Middle  
Bottom  
Off  
The factory default setting is “Top”  
  OSD position  To adjust OSD position for your 
monitor.    10 
  Horizontal OSD 
Position  To adjust the visual position of the 
OSD menu to the right or left of the 
screen. The factory defau lt 
horizontal positi on value is  96. 
 
  Vertical OSD 
Position  To adjust the visual position of the 
OSD menu up or down the screen. 
The factory default vertical position 
value is  14. 
 
  OSD Transparency  To adjust the transparency to 
enable transparent background 
information  under the OSD.  
(range:0~7)  
  OSD Timeout  To set the OSD display time (in 
seconds) after the last pressing the 
button. The factory default setting is 
“30 seconds”.  
  
 
Management    
To select the function of power 
management for your monitor.    
  Auto-Sleep Mode  To enable the energy -saving 
function , Select  
On  
off 
The factory default setting is O n. 
  Power -On Recall  Restores power to the monitor 
following an unexpected removal of 
power.  Select:  
 
 On 
 Off 
The factory default is On.  
  DDC/CI support  Controlling some OSD menu 
functions, such as brightness, 
contrast and color temperature, on 
your computer is allowed.   
This feature can be set as “On” or 
“Off”. The factory default setting is 
On. 
  Bezel Power LED  Power on/off the indicator (LED) on 
the power button. If the indicator is 
set as “Off”, it will be off all the time.   
  Sleep timer  The following timer adjustment 
menu options are available:   
  11 Set current time – to set the current 
time in hours and minutes.   
 
Set sleep time – to set the d esired 
time when your monitor works 
under the sleeping mode.   
 
Set On time – to set the desired 
time when your monitor is 
awakened from the sleeping mode.   
 
Timer - Set “On’ or “Off” status for 
the Sleep Timer. The default setting 
is “Off”.  
 
Sleep Now – to activate the sleep 
mode for your monitor  
 Language   Selects the language in which the 
OSD menu is displayed.The factory 
default is English . 
 Information   To select and display important 
information about your monitor.  
 Factory Reset  
  The facto ry default settings will be 
reset 
 
 Input Control   When the monitor is connected to 
two active and valid video sources, 
switching between the video input 
source is available. Switching the 
video input signal sources may take 
you several seconds.  
 EXIT   Exits the OSD menu screen.  
 
  12 Chapter V.  Technical Information  
 
5.1  Factory preset display mode  
Criteria  Resolution  Horizontal frequency  Vertical frequency  
1 640X480 @60 Hz  31.469  59.94  
2 800X600 @60 Hz  37.879  60.317  
3 1024X768 @60 Hz  48.363  60.004  
4 1280X720 @60 Hz  45.00 59.94 
5 1280X1024 @ 60 Hz  63.98 1 60.02  
6 1440X900 @60 Hz  55.935 59.89 
7 1600X900 @60  Hz  60.00 60.00 
8 1920X1080@ 60Hz  67.50  60.00  
 
 
Note: The factory preset display mode is subject to change without notice.   13 5.2  Product specifications  
Size 23.6" wide screen  
Max. resolution  1920 x 1080  @ 60 Hz  
Recommended resolution  1920 x 1080  @ 60 Hz  
Horizontal frequency  24-80 kHz 
Vertical frequency  50-60 Hz 
Viewable size  521.28 x 293.22  mm  
Viewable angle  178 (H)  178 (V) 
Pitching angle  -5º to 20º 
Pixel frequency  170 MHz  
OSD functions  Brightness, Contrast, Image Control, OSD control, Languages, 
Color, Management, Information, Factory Reset , Input Control , 
Exit, 
Size (Packing)  634 (L) x 125(W) x 475 (H)  mm  
Net weight/ Gross weight  3.85 KG / 5.6 KG 
Power supply  100-240VAC,50/60Hz  
Altitude (under operational condition)  0 ～ 5000  m (0 ～16400 feet)  
Altitude (under storing condition)  0 ～ 12192 m  (0 ～ 40,000 feet)  
Input signal  VGA ,DVI 
Contrast  3000: 1  
Brightness  250 cd/m2  
Response time  8 ms 
Color displayed  16.7 M  
Power  (max)  26W 
Operational environment  Temperature : 5-35℃; humidity: 20% ~ 80% 
Storing  environment  Temperature: -20-60℃; humidity: 5% ~ 95%  14 5.3  Signal cable connector  
 
PIN Signal  
1 Red Signal  
2 Green Signal  
3 Blue Signal  
4 Ground  
5 Cable testing  
6 Red Signal Ground  
7 Green Signal Ground  
8 Blue Signal Ground  
9 5 VDC  
10 Null 
11 Ground  
12 SDA (for DDC)  
13 Horizontal synchronization  
14 Vertical synchronization  
15 SCL (for DDC)  
 
VGA Interface
  
  15 PIN SIGNAL  
1 TMDS Data 2 - 
2 TMDS Data 2 +  
3 TMDS Data 2 / 4 Shield  
4 TMDS Data 4 - 
5 TMDS Data 4 +  
6 DDC Clock  
7 DDC Data  
8 No Connect  
9 TMDS Data 1 - 
10 TMDS Data 1 +  
11 TMDS Data 1 / 3 Shield  
12 TMDS Data 3 - 
13 TMDS Data 3 +  
14 +3.3/+5V Power (from PC)  
15 Ground (Return for +5V)  
16 Hot Plug Detect  
17 TMDS Data 0 - 
18 TMDS Data 0 +  
19 TMDS Data 0 / 5 Shield  
20 TMDS Data 5 - 
21 TMDS Data 5 +  
22 TMDS Clock Shield  
23 TMDS Clock +  
24 TMDS Clock - 
 
DVI Interface  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  16  
 
    
5.4  Panel testing  
 
The ratio of valid pixels on each LCD screen reaches 99.99% or higher. Howeve r, less than 0.01% of the 
pixels may cause dark dots displayed on the screen.   17 A  Safety and Maintenance Guidelines  
 
Important Safety Information  
 
A power cord is included with the monitor. If another cord is used, use only a power source and 
connection appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with 
the monitor,  refer to the Product Notices  provided on your media disc, if one is included, or in 
your documentation kit.  
    
 
Warning!  To reduce the risk of electric s hock or damage to the equipment:  
 
• Do not disable the power cord grounding feature. The grounding plug is an important safety 
feature.  
• Plug the power cord into an easily accessible grounded outlet.  
• Disconnect the power from the equipment by unpluggi ng the power cord from the electrical 
outlet.  
 
 
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may 
accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging from the 
electrical ou tlet, grasp the cord by the plug.  
 
 
To reduce the risk of serious injury, read the Safety and Comfort Guide . It describes proper 
workstation, setup, posture, and health and work habits for computer users, and provides important 
electrical and mechanical s afety information. This guide is located on the Web at 
http://www.hp.com/ergo and/or on the documentation CD, if one is included with the monitor.  
 
 
CAUTION : For the protection of the monitor, as well as the computer, connect all power cords for 
the compu ter and its peripheral devices (such as a monitor, printer and scanner) to some form of 
surge protection device such as a power strip or Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). Not all power 
strips provide surge protection; the power strips must be specificall y labeled as having this ability. 
Use a power strip whose manufacturer offers a Damage Replacement Policy so you can replace the 
equipment, if surge protection fails.  
 
Use the appropriate and correctly sized furniture designed to properly support your HP LCD monitor.  
 
WARNING! LCD monitors that are inappropriately situated on dressers, bookcases, shelves, 
desks,  speakers, chests, or carts may fall over and cause personal injury.  
Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD monito r so that they can 
not be pulled, grabbed, or tripped over.  
  18  
Safety Precautions  
? Use only a power source and connection compatible with this monitor, as indicated on the label/  
back plate of the monitor.  
? Be sure the total ampere rating of the product s connected to the outlet does not exceed the 
current  rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the 
power  cord does not exceed the rating of the power cord. Look on the power label to determine the 
ampere  rating (Amps or A) for each device.  
? Install your monitor near a power outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by  
grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by pulling the  
cord.  
? Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.  
  19 Maintenance Guidelines  
 
To enhance the performance and extend the life of your monitor:  
● Do not open your monitor cabinet or attempt to service this product yourself. Adjust only 
those controls that are covered in the operatin g instructions. If your monitor is not 
operating properly or has been dropped or damaged, contact your HP authorized dealer, 
reseller, or service provider.  
● Use only a power source and connection appropriate for this monitor, as indicated on the 
label/ b ack plate of the monitor.  
● Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not exceed the 
current rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected 
to the cord does not exceed the rating o f the cord. Check the power label to determine the 
ampere rating (AMPS or A) for each device.  
● Install your monitor near an outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by 
grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconn ect the monitor by 
pulling the cord.  
● Turn your monitor off when not in use. You can substantially increase the life expectancy of 
your monitor by using a screen saver program and turning off the monitor when not in use.  
Note: The HP Warranty does not c over monitors with a  burned -in image.   
● Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. These openings must not be 
blocked or covered. Never push objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.  
● Do not drop your monitor or plac e it on an unstable surface.  
● Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.  
● Keep your monitor in a well -ventilated area, away from excessive light, heat or moisture.  
● When removing the monitor base, you must lay the monit or face down on a soft area to 
prevent it from being scratched, defaced, or broken.  
 
Cleaning your monitor  
1. Turn off the monitor and the computer.  
2. Unplug the monitor from the wall outlet.  
3. Clean the monitor plastics with a clean cloth dampened with  water.  
4. Clean the monitor screen with an antistatic screen cleaner.  
CAUTION:  Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, or any other volatile substances to clean 
the monitor or the screen. These chemicals may damage the cabinet finish as well as the 
screen.  
 
 
Shipping the monitor  
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. You may need it later if  you move or ship your 
monitor.  To prepare the monitor for shipping, refer to Chapter 2, “Disconnect the Pedestal for 
Shipping. ”  20  
B  Troubleshooting  
 
Solving c ommon probl ems  
 
Shown below are possible problems, reasons, and recommended solutions:  
 
Problems  Solutions  
The LED power 
indicator is not lit  Ensure the Power button is switched on and the power cord is properly 
connected to the grounded power outlet  and the monitor.  
 Select Management in the OSD menu before selecting the power indicator on 
the panel. Check if the Panel Power Indicator is set as Off. If so, set it as On.  
 
Nothing displayed on 
the screen  Connect the power cord. Power on the device .  
 Connect the video cable correctly. For more information, see "Installation" 
chapter.  
 
 
 
 Press any key on your keyboard or move your mouse to disable the 
screensaver.  
Blurred or dark image 
Image is not centered.   
Press the Menu button to activate the OSD menu. Select Image Control. Then 
select Horizontal Position or Vertical Position to adjust the position of the 
image.  
 
The screen display 
input signal is out of 
the valid scope.    Connect the monitor VGA signal cable to the VGA connector on the  computer.  
Be sure that the computer power is off while connecting the video cable.  
 
 Enter Safe Mode after your computer is restarted. Apply the setting supported 
by your monitor (See table  5.1 in Chapter 5.  B: Factory Preset Display Mode). 
Restart your co mputer to activate the new setting.  
Blurred and ghost 
image . 
 
 
  
Adjust the contrast and brightness controls.  
Make sure no extension cord or switch box is used. HP suggests you to 
connect your monitor to the graphic card output port on the back of your 
computer.  
For VGA input, Auto -adjustment will solve problems of this kind.  
The optimum 
resolution of the 
monit or is not available  
 
   
Make sure the graphic card supports optimum resolution.  
Make sure latest applicable driver for graphic card is installed. For HP and 
Compaq systems, you may download the latest applicable graphic card drivers 
at: www.hp.com/support . For other systems, visit the websites for your graphic 
card.  
 
Plug-and-play is not 
available  
 
 
 
 
 To enable the plug -and-play feature for your monitor, you should have 
plug-and-play-ready computer and graphi c card. Please contact the 
manufacturer of your computer.  
Check the video cable of your monitor. Make sure there are no bent PINs.  
Make sure the HP monitor driver is installed. You may download the HP 
monitor driver at: www.hp.com/support   
  21   
Problems  Solutions (Continued)  
 
Withering, flicker or moiré 
effect  
 
 Keep the monitor away from electric devices that may cause possible 
electrical interference.  
Use the maximum refresh rate of the monitor under current resolution.  
 
 
 
The “Sleep Mode” is 
always enabled for the 
monitor (yellow LED).  Make sure your monitor is powered on.  
The graphic card of your computer should be secured in the slot.  
Make sure the video cable of your monitor is correctly connected to your 
computer.  
Check the video cable of your monitor. Make sure there are no bent PINs.  
Make sure your computer is working normally.  Press the Caps Lock key 
on your keyboard and have a look at the Caps Lock LED (available on most 
keyboards). The LED wil l light or fade out.  
Contacting Support  
 
You may contact the customer service department by visiting HP technical support website at: 
www.hp.com/support   
Select the country / territory where you are. Follow the l ink to visit pages applicable to your monitor.  
 
Preparing to Call Technical Support  
If you cannot solve a problem by using the troubleshooting tips in this section, you might have to 
call technical support. For technical support contact information, refer  to the printed documentation 
included  with the monitor.  
 
Have the following information available when you call:  
? Monitor model number (located on label on back of monitor)  
? Monitor serial number (located on label on back of monitor or in the OSD display in the 
Information  menu)  
? Purchase date on invoice  
? Conditions under which the problem occurred  
? Error m essages received  
? Hardware configuration  
? Name and version of hardware and software you are using  
 
Locating the Rating Label  
The rating label on the monitor provides the product number and serial number. You may need 
these  numbers when contacting HP ab out your monitor model.  
The rating label is on the back of the monitor.  
 User Guide
© 2016 HP Development Company, L.P.
HDMI, the HDMI Logo and High-Definition  
Multimedia Interface are trademarks or 
registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC.
The information contained herein is subject to 
change without notice. The only warranties for 
HP products and services are set forth in the 
express warranty statements accompanying 
such products and services. Nothing herein 
should be construed as constituting an 
additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for 
technical or editorial errors or omissions 
contained herein.
Product notice
This guide describes features that are common 
to most models. Some features may not be 
available on your product. To access the latest 
user guide, go to http://www.hp.com/ support , 
and select your country. Select Get software 
and drivers , and then follow the on-screen 
instructions.
First Edition: April 2016
Document Part Number: 846029-001About This Guide
This guide provides information on monitor features, setting up the monitor , and technical specifications.
WARNING! Indicates a hazardous situation that, if not avoided, could  result in death or serious injury.
CAUTION: Indicates a hazardous situation that, if not avoided, could  result in minor or moderate injury.
NOTE: Contains additional information to emphasize or supplement important points of the main text.
TIP: Provides helpful hints for completing a task.
This product incorporates HDMI technology.
iiiiv   About This GuideTable of contents
1  Getting Started .............................................................................................................................................  1
Important safety information ...............................................................................................................................  1
Product features and components ........................................................................................................................ 2
Features ............................................................................................................................................... 2
Rear components ................................................................................................................................  2
54.61 cm/21.5–inch model, 58.42 cm/23–inch model, and 60.47 cm/23.8–inch 
model ................................................................................................................................  3
63.33 cm/25–inch model and 68.6 cm/27–inch model ...................................................  3
Front bezel controls ............................................................................................................................  4
Setting up the monitor ..........................................................................................................................................  5
Installing the monitor stand ................................................................................................................ 5
Connecting the cables .........................................................................................................................  5
Adjusting the monitor .........................................................................................................................  8
Turning on the monitor .......................................................................................................................  8
HP Watermark and Image Retention Policy ........................................................................................ 9
Installing a security cable .................................................................................................................... 9
2  Using the Monitor ........................................................................................................................................  10
Downloading the monitor drivers .......................................................................................................................  10
Installing from the optical disc .........................................................................................................  10
Downloading from the Web ..............................................................................................................  10
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu ...........................................................................................................  11
Using Auto-Sleep Mode .......................................................................................................................................  12
3  Using My Display software ...........................................................................................................................  13
Installing the software ........................................................................................................................................  13
Using the software ............................................................................................................................................... 13
Downloading the software ..................................................................................................................................  14
4  Support and troubleshooting ........................................................................................................................ 15
Solving common problems .................................................................................................................................. 15
Using the auto-adjustment function (analog input) ...........................................................................................  16
Optimizing image performance (analog input) ................................................................................................... 17
Button lockouts ...................................................................................................................................................  18
Product support ................................................................................................................................................... 18
Preparing to call technical support .....................................................................................................................  18
vLocating the serial number and product number ...............................................................................................  19
5  Maintaining the monitor ..............................................................................................................................  20
Maintenance guidelines ....................................................................................................................................... 20
Cleaning the monitor ...........................................................................................................................................  20
Shipping the monitor ........................................................................................................................................... 20
Appendix A  Technical specifications ................................................................................................................. 21
54.61 cm/21.5–inch model .................................................................................................................................  21
58.42 cm/23–inch model ....................................................................................................................................  21
60.47 cm/23.8–inch model .................................................................................................................................  22
63.33 cm/25–inch model ....................................................................................................................................  22
68.6 cm/27–inch model ....................................................................................................................................... 23
Preset display resolutions ...................................................................................................................................  23
54.61 cm/21.5-inch model ...............................................................................................................  23
58.42 cm/23-inch model ..................................................................................................................  24
60.47 cm/23.8-inch model ...............................................................................................................  24
63.33 cm/25-inch model ..................................................................................................................  25
68.6 cm/27-inch model ..................................................................................................................... 25
Entering user modes ............................................................................................................................................ 26
Energy saver feature ...........................................................................................................................................  26
Appendix B  Accessibility .................................................................................................................................  27
Supported assistive technologies .......................................................................................................................  27
Contacting support ..............................................................................................................................................  27
vi1 Getting Started
Important safety information
An AC power cord is included with the monitor. If another cord is used, use only a power source and 
connection appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with the 
monitor , refer to the Product Notices  provided on the optical disc or in your documentation kit.
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
• Plug the power cord into an AC outlet that is easily accessible at all times.
• Disconnect power from the computer by unplugging the power cord from the AC outlet.
• If provided with a 3-pin attachment plug on the power cord, plug the cord into a grounded (earthed) 3-pin 
outlet. Do not disable the power cord grounding pin, for example, by attaching a 2-pin adapter. The grounding 
pin is an important safety feature.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may 
accidentally step on or trip over them.
To reduce the risk of serious injury, read the Safety and Comfort Guide . It describes proper workstation, setup, 
posture, and health and work habits for computer users, and provides important electrical and mechanical 
safety information. This guide is located on the Web at http://www.hp.com/ ergo .
CAUTION:  For the protection of the monitor , as well as the computer , connect all power cords for the 
computer and its peripheral devices (such as a monitor , printer , scanner) to some form of surge protection 
device such as a power strip or Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). Not all power strips provide surge 
protection; the power strips must be specifically labeled as having this ability. Use a power strip whose 
manufacturer offers a Damage Replacement Policy so you can replace the equipment, if surge protection 
fails.
Use the appropriate and correctly sized furniture designed to properly support your HP LCD monitor.
WARNING! LCD monitors that are inappropriately situated on dressers, bookcases, shelves, desks, speakers, 
chests, or carts may fall over and cause personal injury.
Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD monitor so that they cannot be pulled, 
grabbed, or tripped over.
Be sure that the total ampere rating of the products connected to the AC outlet does not exceed the current 
rating of the outlet, and that the total ampere rating of the products connected to the cord does not exceed 
the rating of the cord. Look on the power label to determine the ampere rating (AMPS or A) for each device.
Install the monitor near an AC outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by grasping the plug 
firmly and pulling it from the AC outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by pulling the cord.
Do not drop the monitor or place it on an unstable surface.
NOTE: This product is suitable for entertainment purposes. Consider placing the monitor in a controlled 
luminous environment to avoid interference from surrounding light and bright surfaces that may cause 
disturbing reflections from the screen.
Important safety information 1Product features and components
Features
The monitor features include the following:
● 54.61 cm (21.5-inch) diagonal viewable screen area with 1920 x 1080 resolution, plus full-screen 
support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size while preserving 
original aspect ratio
● 58.42 cm (23-inch) diagonal viewable screen area with 1920 x 1080 resolution, plus full-screen support 
for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size while preserving original aspect 
ratio
● 60.47 cm (23.8-inch) diagonal viewable screen area with 1920 x 1080 resolution, plus full-screen 
support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size while preserving 
original aspect ratio
● 63.33 cm (25-inch) diagonal viewable screen area with 1920 x 1080 resolution, plus full-screen support 
for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size while preserving original aspect 
ratio
● 68.6 cm (27-inch) diagonal viewable screen area with 1920 x 1080 resolution, plus full-screen support 
for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size while preserving original aspect 
ratio
● Nonglare panel with an LED backlight – 54.61 cm (21.5–inch), 58.42 cm (23–inch), 60.47 cm (23.8–inch) 
models
● Low haze panel — 63.33 cm (25–inch), 68.6 cm (27–inch) models
● Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position, or when moving from side to 
side
● Tilt capability
● VGA video input
● HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) video input
● Plug-and-play capability if supported by your operating system
● Security cable slot provision on rear of monitor for optional security cable
● On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments in several languages for easy setup and screen optimization
● My Display software for adjusting monitor settings
● HDCP (High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection) copy protection on all digital inputs
● Software and documentation optical disc that includes monitor drivers and product documentation
● Energy saver feature to meet requirements for reduced power consumption
NOTE: For safety and regulatory information, refer to the Product Notices  provided on your optical disc or in 
your documentation kit. To locate updates to the user guide for your product, go to http://www.hp.com/
support , and select your country. Select Get software and drivers , and then follow the on-screen 
instructions.
Rear components
Depending on your monitor model, the rear components will differ.
2 Chapter 1   Getting Started54.61 cm/21.5–inch model, 58.42 cm/23–inch model, and 60.47 cm/23.8–inch model
Component Function
1 HDMI connector Connects the HDMI cable to the monitor.
2 VGA connector Connects the VGA cable to the monitor.
3 Power connector Connects the power cable to the monito r.
63.33 cm/25–inch model and 68.6 cm/27–inch model
Component Function
1 HDMI connectors (2) Connects the HDMI cable to the mon itor.
2 VGA connector Connects the VGA cable to the monitor.
3 Power connector Connects the power cable to the monito r.
Product features and components 3Front bezel controls
Control Function
1 Menu/OK Opens the OSD menu or selects items on the OSD m enu.
2 Information/Minus Information: Shows Monitor Information win dow.
Minus: If the OSD menu is on, press to navigate backward thro ugh the OSD menu and 
decrease adjustment levels.
3 Input/Plus Input: If the OSD menu is inactive, press to switc h the video signal input (VGA or HDMI).
Plus: If the OSD menu is on, press to navigate forward thr ough the OSD menu and 
increase adjustment levels.
4 Auto Adjustment/QuickView/Exit Auto Adjustment: If the OSD menu is inactive, press to activate the auto-adjustment 
feature to optimize the screen image (for VGA).
QuickView: If the OSD menu is inactive, press to activate the QuickView to choose 
different video settings (for HDMI).
Exit: If the OSD menu is on, press to save any changes made, and e xit the OSD menu.
5 Power Turns the monitor on or off.
NOTE: To view an OSD menu simulator , visit the HP Customer Self Repair Services Media Library at 
http://www.hp.com/ go/sml .
4 Chapter 1   Getting StartedSetting up the monitor
Installing the monitor stand
CAUTION: Do not touch the surface of the LCD panel. Pressure on the panel may cause non-uniformity of 
color or disorientation of the liquid crystals. If this occurs, the screen will not recover to its normal condition.
1. Lay the display head face down on a flat surface covered by a clean, dry cloth.
2. Attach the top of the stand arm (1) to the connector (2) on the back of the display panel. The stand arm 
will click into place.
3. Slide the base (1) into the bottom of the stand arm until the center holes are aligned. Then tighten the 
screw (2) on the underside of the base.
Connecting the cables
NOTE: The monitor ships with select cables. Not all cables shown in this section are included with the 
monitor.
1. Place the monitor in a convenient, well-ventilated location near the computer.
Setting up the monitor 52. Connect a video cable.
NOTE: The monitor will automatically determine which inputs have valid video signals. The inputs can 
be selected by pressing the Menu button to access the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu and selecting 
Input Control .
● Connect a VGA cable to the VGA connector on the rear of the monitor and the other end to the VGA 
connector on the source device.
● Connect an HDMI cable to the HDMI connector on the rear of the monitor and the other end to a 
HDMI connector on the source device.
6 Chapter 1   Getting Started3. Connect the round end of the power supply cord to the monitor (1), and then connect one end of the 
power cord to the power supply (2) and the other end to a grounded AC outlet (3).
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
Do not disable the power cord grounding plug. The grounding plug is an important safety feature.
Plug the power cord into a grounded (earthed) AC outlet that is easily accessible at all times.
Disconnect power from the equipment by unplugging the power cord from the AC outlet.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may 
accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging the power cord 
from the AC outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
Setting up the monitor 7Adjusting the monitor
Tilt the display head forward or backward to set it to a comfortable eye level.
Turning on the monitor
1. Press the Power button on the computer to turn it on.
2. Press the Power button on the bottom of the monitor to turn it on.
CAUTION: Burn-in image damage may occur on monitors that display the same static image on the screen 
for 12 or more consecutive hours of nonuse. To avoid burn-in image damage on the monitor screen, you 
should always activate a screen saver application or turn off the monitor when it is not in use for a prolonged 
period of time. Image retention is a condition that may occur on all LCD screens. Monitors with a “burned-in 
image” are not covered under the HP warranty.
NOTE: If pressing the Power button has no effect, the Power Button Lockout feature may be enabled. To 
disable this feature, press and hold the monitor Power button for 10 seconds.
NOTE: You can disable the power LED in the OSD menu. Press the Menu button on the bottom of the 
monitor , and then select Power Control  > Power LED  > Off.
8 Chapter 1   Getting StartedWhen the monitor is powered on, a Monitor Status message is displayed for five seconds. The message shows 
which input is the current active signal, the status of the auto-switch source setting (On or Off; default setting 
is On), the current preset screen resolution, and the recommended preset screen resolution.
The monitor automatically scans the signal inputs for an active input and uses that input for the screen.
HP Watermark and Image Retention Policy
The IPS monitor models are designed with IPS (In-Plane Switching) display technology which provides ultra-
wide viewing angles and advanced image quality. IPS monitors are suitable for a wide variety of advanced 
image quality applications. This panel technology, however , is not suitable for applications that exhibit static, 
stationary or fixed images for long periods of time without the use of screen savers. These types of 
applications may include camera surveillance, video games, marketing logos, and templates that are 
displayed on the screen for a prolonged period of time. Static images may cause image retention damage that 
could look like stains or watermarks on the monitor's screen.
Monitors in use for 24 hours per day that result in image retention damage are not covered under the HP 
warranty. To avoid image retention damage, always turn off the monitor when it is not in use or use the power 
management setting, if supported on your system, to turn off the display when the system is idle.
Installing a security cable
You can secure the monitor to a fixed object with an optional cable lock available from HP.
Setting up the monitor 92 Using the Monitor
Downloading the monitor drivers
Installing from the optical disc
To install the .INF and .ICM files on the computer from the optical disc:
1. Insert the optical disc in the computer optical drive. The optical disc menu is displayed.
2. View the HP Monitor Software Information  file.
3. Select Install Monitor Driver Software .
4. Follow the on-screen instructions.
5. Ensure that the proper resolution and refresh rates appear in the Windows Display control panel.
NOTE: You may need to install the digitally signed monitor .INF and .ICM files manually from the optical disc 
in the event of an installation error. Refer to the HP Monitor Software Information file on the optical disc.
Downloading from the Web
If you do not have a computer or source device with an optical drive, you can download the latest version 
of .INF and .ICM files from the HP monitors support Web site.
1. Go to http://www.hp.com/ support  and select the appropriate country and language.
2. Select Get software and drivers .
3. Enter your HP monitor model in the search field and select Find my product .
4. If necessary, select your monitor from the list.
5. Select your operating system, and then click Next .
6. Click Driver - Display/Monitor  to open the list of drivers.
7. Click on the driver name.
8. Click Download  and follow the on-screen instructions to download the software.
10 Chapter 2   Using the MonitorUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu
Use the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu to adjust the monitor screen image based on your preferences. You 
can access and make adjustments in the OSD menu using the buttons on the bottom side of the monitor's 
front bezel.
To access the OSD menu and make adjustments, do the following:
1. If the monitor is not already on, press the Power button to turn on the monitor.
2. To access the OSD menu, press one of the Function buttons on the bottom side of the monitor's front 
bezel to activate the buttons, and then press the Menu button to open the OSD.
3. Use the three Function buttons to navigate, select, and adjust the menu choices. The button labels are 
variable depending on the menu or submenu that is active.
The following table lists the menu selections in the OSD menu.
Main Menu Description
Brightness Adjusts the brightness level of the screen.
Contrast Adjusts the screen contrast.
Color Control Selects and adjusts the screen color.
Input Control Selects the video input signal.
Image Control Adjusts the screen image.
Power Control Adjusts the power settings.
Menu Control Adjusts the on-screen display (OSD) and Function button controls.
Management Enables/disables DDC/CI support and returns all OSD menu settings to the factory default settings.
Language Selects the language in which the OSD menu is displayed. T he factory default is English.
Information Displays important information about the monitor.
Exit Exits the OSD menu screen.
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu 11Using Auto-Sleep Mode
The monitor supports an OSD (On-Screen Display) menu option called Auto-Sleep Mode  that allows you to 
enable or disable a reduced power state for the monitor. When Auto-Sleep Mode is enabled (enabled by 
default), the monitor will enter a reduced power state when the host PC signals low power mode (absence of 
either horizontal or vertical sync signal).
Upon entering this reduced power state (sleep mode), the monitor screen is blanked, the backlight is turned 
off and the power LED indicator turns amber. The monitor draws less than 0.5 W of power when in this 
reduced power state. The monitor will wake from the sleep mode when the host PC sends an active signal to 
the monitor (for example, if you activate the mouse or keyboard).
You can disable Auto-Sleep Mode in the OSD. Press one of the four Function buttons on the bottom side of the 
front bezel to activate the buttons, and then press the Menu button to open the OSD. In the OSD menu select 
Power Control  > Auto-Sleep Mode  > Off.
12 Chapter 2   Using the Monitor3 Using My Display  software
The disc provided with the monitor includes My Display  software. Use My Display  software to choose 
preferences for optimum viewing. You can select settings for gaming, movies, photo editing or just working 
on documents and spreadsheets. You can also easily adjust settings such as brightness, color , and contrast 
using My Display  software.
Installing the software
To install the software:
1. Insert the disc in your computer disc drive. The disc menu is displayed.
2. Select the language.
NOTE: This choice selects the language you will see while installing the software. The language of the 
software itself will be determined by the operating system language.
3. Click Install My Display Software .
4. Follow the on-screen instructions.
5. Restart the computer.
Using the software
To open the My Display  software:
1. Click the HP My Display  icon on the taskbar.
Or
Click Windows Start  ™ on the taskbar.
2. Click All Programs .
3. Click HP My Display .
4. Select HP My Display .
For additional information, refer to the on-screen Help  within the software.
Installing the software 13Downloading the software
If you prefer to download the My Display  software, follow the instructions below.
1. Go to http://www.hp.com/ support  and select the appropriate country and language.
2. Select Get software and drivers , type your monitor model in the search field, and click Find my product .
3. If necessary, select your monitor from the list.
4. Select your operating system, and then click Next .
5. Click Utility - Tools  to open the list of utilities and tools.
6. Click HP My Display .
7. Click the System Requirements  tab, and then verify that your system meets the program minimum 
requirements.
8. Click Download  and follow the on-screen instructions to download My Display .
14 Chapter 3   Using My Display  software4 Support and troubleshooting
Solving common problems
The following table lists possible problems, the possible cause of each problem, and the recommended 
solutions.
Problem Possible Cause Solution
Screen is blank or video is 
flashing.Power cord is disconnected. Connect the power cord.
Monitor is off. Press the Power button.
NOTE: If pressing the Power button has no effect, press and 
hold the Power button for 10 seconds to disable the Power  
button lockout feature.
Video cable is improperly connected. Connect the video cable prop erly. See Connecting the cables 
on page 5 for more information.
System is in sleep mode. Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to exit 
sleep mode.
 Video card is incompatible. Open the OSD menu and select the Input Control  menu. Set 
Auto-Switch Input  to Off and manually select the input.
Image appears blurred, 
indistinct, or too dark.Brightness is too low. Open the OSD menu and select Brightness  to adjust the 
brightness scale as needed.
Check Video Cable  is 
displayed on screen.Monitor video cable is disconnected. Connect the appropriate vide o signal cable between the 
computer and monitor. Be sure that the computer power is  off  
while you connect the video cable.
Input Signal Out of Range  is 
displayed on screen.Video resolution and/or refresh rate 
are set higher than what the monitor 
supports.Change the settings to a supported setting. See Preset display 
resolutions on page 23 for more information.
The monitor is off but it did 
not seem to enter into sleep 
mode.The monitor's power saving control is 
disabled.Open the OSD menu and select Power Control  > Auto-Sleep 
Mode  and set auto-sleep to On.
OSD Lockout  is displayed. The monitor's OSD Lockout function 
is enabled.Press and hold the Menu button on the bottom side of the 
front bezel for 10 seconds to disable the OSD Lockout 
function.
Power Button Lockout  is 
displayed.The monitor's Power Button Lockout 
function is enabled.Press and hold the Power button for 10 seconds to disable t he 
Power Button Lockout function.
Solving common problems 15Using the auto-adjustment function (analog input)
When you first set up the monitor , conduct a Factory Reset of the computer , or change the resolution of the 
monitor , the Auto-Adjustment feature automatically engages, and attempts to optimize your screen for you.
You may also optimize the screen performance for the VGA (analog) input at any time by using the auto 
button on the monitor (see your model's user guide for the specific button name) and the auto-adjustment 
pattern software utility on the optical disc provided (select models only).
Do not use this procedure if the monitor is using an input other than VGA. If the monitor is using a VGA 
(analog) input, this procedure can correct the following image quality conditions:
● Fuzzy or unclear focus
● Ghosting, streaking or shadowing effects
● Faint vertical bars
● Thin, horizontal scrolling lines
● An off-center picture
To use the auto-adjustment feature:
1. Allow the monitor to warm up for 20 minutes before adjusting.
2. Press the auto button on the bottom side of the front bezel.
● You can also press the Menu button, and then select Image Control > Auto-Adjustment  from the 
OSD menu.
● If the result is not satisfactory, continue with the procedure.
3. Insert the optical disc into the optical drive. The optical disc menu is displayed.
4. Select Open Auto-Adjustment Utility . The setup test pattern is displayed.
5. Press the auto button on the bottom side of the front bezel to produce a stable, centered image.
6. Press the ESC  key or any other key on the keyboard to exit the test pattern.
NOTE: The auto-adjustment test pattern utility can be downloaded from http://www.hp.com/ support .
16 Chapter 4   Support and troubleshootingOptimizing image performance (analog input)
Two controls in the on-screen display can be adjusted to improve image performance: Clock and Phase 
(available in the OSD menu).
NOTE: The Clock and Phase controls are adjustable only when using an analog (VGA) input. These controls 
are not adjustable for digital inputs.
The Clock must first be set correctly since the Phase settings are dependent on the main Clock setting. Use 
these controls only when the auto-adjustment function does not provide a satisfactory image.
● Clock —Increases/decreases the value to minimize any vertical bars or stripes visible on the screen 
background.
● Phase —Increases/decreases the value to minimize video flickering or blurring.
NOTE: When using the controls, you will obtain the best results by using the auto-adjustment pattern 
software utility provided on the optical disc.
When adjusting the Clock and Phase values, if the monitor images become distorted, continue adjusting the 
values until the distortion disappears. To restore the factory settings, select Yes from the Factory Reset 
menu in the on-screen display.
To eliminate vertical bars (Clock):
1. Press the Menu button on the bottom of the front bezel to open the OSD menu, and then select Image 
Control  > Clock and Phase .
2. Use the Function buttons on the bottom of the monitor front bezel that display up and down arrow icons 
to eliminate vertical bars. Press the buttons slowly so that you do not miss the optimum adjustment 
point.
3. After adjusting the Clock, if blurring, flickering, or bars appear on the screen, proceed to adjust the 
Phase.
To remove flickering or blurring (Phase):
1. Press the Menu button on the bottom of the monitor front bezel to open the OSD menu, and then select 
Image Control  > Clock and Phase .
2. Press the Function buttons on the bottom of the monitor front bezel that display up and down arrow 
icons to eliminate flickering or blurring. Flickering or blurring may not be eliminated, depending on the 
computer or graphics controller card installed.
To correct screen position (Horizontal Position or Vertical Position):
1. Press the Menu button on the bottom of the front bezel to open the OSD menu, and then select Image 
Position .
Optimizing image performance (analog input) 172. Press the Function buttons on the bottom of the front bezel that display up and down arrow icons to 
properly adjust the position of the image in the display area of the monitor. The Horizontal Position 
shifts the image left or right; the Vertical Position shifts the image up and down.
Button lockouts
Holding down the Power button or Menu button for ten seconds will lock out the functionality of that button. 
You can restore the functionality by holding the button down again for ten seconds. This functionality is only 
available when the monitor is powered on, displaying an active signal, and the OSD is not active.
Product support
For additional information on using your monitor , go to http://www.hp.com/ support . Select your country or 
region, select Troubleshooting , and then enter your model in the search window and click the Go button.
NOTE: The monitor user guide, reference material, and drivers are available at http://www.hp.com/ support . 
If the information provided in the guide does not address your questions, you can contact support. For U.S. 
support, go to http://www.hp.com/ go/contactHP . For worldwide support, go to http://welcome.hp.com/
country/us/en/wwcontact_us.html .
Here you can:
● Chat online with an HP technician
NOTE: When support chat is not available in a particular language, it is available in English.
● Find support telephone numbers
● Locate an HP service center
Preparing to call technical support
If you cannot solve a problem using the troubleshooting tips in this section, you may need to call technical 
support. Have the following information available when you call:
● Monitor model number
● Monitor serial number
● Purchase date on invoice
● Conditions under which the problem occurred
● Error messages received
● Hardware configuration
● Name and version of the hardware and software you are using
18 Chapter 4   Support and troubleshootingLocating the serial number and product number
The serial number and product number are located on a label on the bottom of the display head. You may 
need these numbers when contacting HP about the monitor model.
NOTE: You may need to partially pivot the display head to read the label.
Locating the serial number and product number 195 Maintaining the monitor
Maintenance guidelines
● Do not open the monitor cabinet or attempt to service this product yourself. Adjust only those controls 
that are covered in the operating instructions. If the monitor is not operating properly or has been 
dropped or damaged, contact an authorized HP dealer , reseller , or service provider.
● Use only a power source and connection appropriate for this monitor , as indicated on the label/back 
plate of the monitor.
● Turn the monitor off when not in use. You can substantially increase the life expectancy of the monitor 
by using a screen saver program and turning off the monitor when not in use.
NOTE: Monitors with a “burned-in image” are not covered under the HP warranty.
● Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. These openings must not be blocked or 
covered. Never push objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.
● Keep the monitor in a well-ventilated area, away from excessive light, heat, or moisture.
● When removing the monitor stand, you must lay the monitor facedown on a soft area to prevent it from 
getting scratched, defaced, or broken.
Cleaning the monitor
1. Turn off the monitor and disconnect power from the computer by unplugging the power cord from the 
AC outlet.
2. Dust the monitor by wiping the screen and the cabinet with a soft, clean antistatic cloth.
3. For more difficult cleaning situations, use a 50/50 mix of water and isopropyl alcohol.
CAUTION: Spray the cleaner onto a cloth and use the damp cloth to gently wipe the screen surface. Never 
spray the cleaner directly on the screen surface. It may run behind the bezel and damage the electronics.
CAUTION: Do not use cleaners that contain any petroleum-based materials such as benzene, thinner , or any 
volatile substance to clean the monitor screen or cabinet. These chemicals may damage the monitor.
Shipping the monitor
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. You may need it later if you move or ship the monitor.
20 Chapter 5   Maintaining the monitorA Technical specifications
NOTE: The product specifications provided in the user guide might have changed between the time of 
manufacturing and delivery of your product.
For the latest specifications or additional specifications on this product, go to http://www.hp.com/ go/
quickspecs/  and search for your specific monitor model to find the model-specific QuickSpecs.
54.61 cm/21.5–inch model
Display
Type54.61 cm wide screen
IPS21.5-inch wide screen
Viewable Image Size 54.61 cm diagonal 21.5-inch diagonal
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 2.44 kg 5.38 lb
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth
Width38.46 cm
18.36 cm
49.79 cm15.14 inches
7.23 inches
19.60 inches
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5 to 35° C
-20 to 60° C41 to 95° F
-4 to 140° F
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Input Terminal One HDMI connector , one VGA connector  
58.42 cm/23–inch model
Display
Type58.42 cm wide screen
IPS23-inch wide screen
Viewable Image Size 58.42 cm diagonal 23-inch diagonal
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 2.72 kg 5.99 lb
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth
Width40.32 cm
18.36 cm
53.10 cm15.87 inches
7.22 inches
20.90 inches
54.61 cm/21.5–inch model 21Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5 to 35° C
-20 to 60° C41 to 95° F
-4 to 140° F
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Input Terminal One HDMI connector , one VGA connector  
60.47 cm/23.8–inch model
Display
Type60.47 cm wide screen
IPS23.8-inch wide screen
Viewable Image Size 60.47 cm diagonal 23.8-inch diagonal
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 3.04 kg 6.7 lb
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth
Width40.89 cm
18.36 cm
53.99 cm16.09 inches
7.23 inches
21.25 inches
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5 to 35° C
-20 to 60° C41 to 95° F
-4 to 140° F
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Input Terminal One HDMI connector , one VGA connector  
63.33 cm/25–inch model
Display
Type63.33 cm wide screen
IPS25-inch wide screen
Viewable Image Size 63.33 cm diagonal 25-inch diagonal
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 3.37 kg 7.43 lb
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth42.56 cm
19.46 cm16.76 inches
7.66 inches
22 Appendix A   Technical specificationsWidth 57.61 cm 22.68 inches
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5 to 35° C
-20 to 60° C41 to 95° F
-4 to 140° F
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Input Terminal Two HDMI connectors, one VGA connector  
68.6 cm/27–inch model
Display
Type68.6 cm wide screen
IPS27-inch wide screen
Viewable Image Size 68.6 cm diagonal 27-inch diagonal
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 3.79 kg 8.35 lb
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth
Width45.57 cm
19.46 cm
62.10 cm17.93 inches
7.66 inches
24.44 inches
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 × 1080  
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080  
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5 to 35° C
-20 to 60° C41 to 95° F
-4 to 140° F
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Input Terminal Two HDMI connectors, one VGA connector  
Preset display resolutions
The display resolutions listed below are the most commonly used modes and are set as factory defaults. The 
monitor automatically recognizes these preset modes and they will appear properly sized and centered on the 
screen.
54.61 cm/21.5-inch model
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.940
68.6 cm/27–inch model 232 720 × 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.317
4 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45.000 60.000
6 1280 × 800 49.702 59.810
7 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.020
8 1366 × 768 48.000 60.000
9 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
10 1600 × 900 60.000 60.000
11 1680 × 1050 65.290 59.954
12 1920 × 1080 67.500 60.000
58.42 cm/23-inch model
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.940
2 720 × 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.317
4 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45.000 60.000
6 1280 × 800 49.702 59.810
7 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.020
8 1366 × 768 48.000 60.000
9 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
10 1600 × 900 60.000 60.000
11 1680 × 1050 65.290 59.954
12 1920 × 1080 67.500 60.000
60.47 cm/23.8-inch model
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.940
2 720 × 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.317
4 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45.000 60.000
24 Appendix A   Technical specifications6 1280 × 800 49.702 59.810
7 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.020
8 1366 × 768 48.000 60.000
9 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
10 1600 × 900 60.000 60.000
11 1680 × 1050 65.290 59.954
12 1920 × 1080 67.500 60.000
63.33 cm/25-inch model
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.940
2 720 × 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.317
4 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45.000 60.000
6 1280 × 800 49.702 59.810
7 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.020
8 1366 × 768 48.000 60.000
9 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
10 1600 × 900 60.000 60.000
11 1680 × 1050 65.290 59.954
12 1920 × 1080 67.500 60.000
68.6 cm/27-inch model
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.940
2 720 × 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.317
4 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45.000 60.000
6 1280 × 800 49.702 59.810
7 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.020
8 1366 × 768 48.000 60.000
9 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
Preset display resolutions 2510 1600 × 900 60.000 60.000
11 1680 × 1050 65.290 59.954
12 1920 × 1080 67.500 60.000
Entering user modes
The video controller signal may occasionally call for a mode that is not preset if:
● You are not using a standard graphics adapter.
● You are not using a preset mode.
It this occurs, you may need to readjust the parameters of the monitor screen by using the on-screen display. 
Your changes can be made to any or all of these modes and saved in memory. The monitor automatically 
stores the new setting, and then recognizes the new mode just as it does a preset mode. In addition to the 
factory preset modes, there are at least 10 user modes that can be entered and stored.
Energy saver feature
The monitors support a reduced power state. The reduced power state will be entered into if the monitor 
detects the absence of either the horizontal sync signal or the vertical sync signal. Upon detecting the 
absence of these signals, the monitor screen is blanked, the backlight is turned off, and the power light is 
turned amber. When the monitor is in the reduced power state, the monitor will utilize 0.3 watts of power. 
There is a brief warm-up period before the monitor will return to its normal operating mode.
Refer to the computer manual for instructions on setting energy saver features (sometimes called power 
management features).
NOTE: The above power saver feature only works when the monitor is connected to a computer that has 
energy saver features.
By selecting the settings in the monitor's Energy Saver utility, you can also program the monitor to enter into 
the reduced power state at a predetermined time. When the monitor's Energy Saver utility causes the monitor 
to enter the reduced power state, the power light blinks amber.
26 Appendix A   Technical specificationsB Accessibility
HP designs, produces, and markets products and services that can be used by everyone, including people with 
disabilities, either on a stand-alone basis or with appropriate assistive devices.
Supported assistive technologies
HP products support a wide variety of operating system assistive technologies and can be configured to work 
with additional assistive technologies. Use the Search feature on your source device that is connected to the 
monitor to locate more information about assistive features.
NOTE: For additional information about a particular assistive technology product, contact customer support 
for that product.
Contacting support
We are constantly refining the accessibility of our products and services and welcome feedback from users. If 
you have an issue with a product or would like to tell us about accessibility features that have helped you, 
please contact us at (888) 259-5707, Monday through Friday, 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Mountain Time. If you are deaf 
or hard-of-hearing and use TRS/VRS/WebCapTel, contact us if you require technical support or have 
accessibility questions by calling (877) 656-7058, Monday through Friday, 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Mountain Time.
Supported assistive technologies 27 
 
 
 
USER'S MANUAL 
 
L2105tm / 2209t LCD Touch Monitors 
  
 
  
 
    
 
    
 
                                                               Agency no.: HSTND-2791-Q     Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
  
 
     
 
    
 
    
 
     
 
    
Copyright © 2009 -2011 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P. All Rights Reserved. 
No part of this manual, including the products and software described in it, may be reproduced, 
transmitted, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system , or translated into any language in any form or by 
any means, except documentation kept by the pur chaser for backup purposes, without the express 
written permission of HP. Product warranty or service will not be extended if: (1) the product is repaired, modified or altered, 
unless such repair, modification of alteration is authorized in writing by HP; or (2) the serial number of 
the product is defaced or missing. HP PROVIDES THIS MANUAL "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL HP, 
ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, 
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF USE OR DATA, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS AND THE LIKE), EVEN IF HP HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES ARISING FROM ANY DEFECT OR ERROR IN THIS MANUAL OR PRODUCT.SPECIFICATIONS 
AND INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS MANUAL ARE FURNISHED FOR INFORMATIONAL 
USE ONLY, AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE, AND SHOULD 
NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY HP . HP ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR 
LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR INACCURACI ES THAT MAY APPEAR IN THIS MANUAL, 
INCLUDING THE PRODUCTS AND SOFTWARE DESCRIBED IN IT. Products and corporate names appearing in this manual may or may not be registered trademarks or 
copyrights of their respective companies, and are used only for identification or explanation and to the 
owners' benefit, without intent to infringe.  
Third Edition (January 2011) 
Document Part Number: 582769-003 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Agency Regulatory Notices 
 
Federal Communications Commission Notice 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, 
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection 
against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radiofrequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or 
television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is 
encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:  
 Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. 
 Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver. 
 Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected. 
 Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or television technician for help. 
 
Modifications 
The FCC requires the user to be notified that any changes or modifications made to this device that 
are not expressly approved by Hewlett Packard Company may void the user's authority to operate the equipment.  Cables 
Connections to this device must be made with shiel ded cables with metallic RFI/EMI connector hoods 
to maintain compliance with FCC Rules and Regulations.  
 
Declaration of Conformity for Produ cts Marked with the FCC Logo (United 
States Only) 
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
1. This device may not cause harmful interference. 2. This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operation. 
 For questions regarding the product, contact:  Hewlett Packard Company P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113 
Houston, Texas 77269-2000 
 Or, call 1-800-HP-INVENT (1-800 474-6836)  For questions regarding this FCC declaration, contact: 
 
Hewlett Packard Company P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 510101 Houston, Texas 77269-2000  Or, call (281) 514-3333 
 
To identify this product, refer to the Part, Series, or Model number found on the product. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Canadian Notice 
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements of the Canadian Interference-Causing 
EquipmentRegulations.  
Avis Canadien 
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B respecte toutes les exigences du Règlement sur le matérielbrouilleur du Canada.  
Japanese Notice 
 
 
Korean Notice 
 
 
Power Cord Set Requirements 
The monitor power supply is provided with Automatic Line Switching (ALS). This feature allows the monitor to operate on input voltages between 100–120V or 200–240V.The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) received with the monitor meets the requirements for use in the country where you 
purchased the equipment. If you need to obtain a power cord for a different country, you should 
purchase a power cord that is approved for use in that country. The power cord must be rated for the product and for the voltage and current marked on the product's electrical ratings label. The voltage and current rating of the cord should be greater than the voltage andcurrent rating marked on the product. In addition, the cross-sectional area of the wire must be a minimum of 0.75 mm² or 18 AWG, 
and the length of the cord must be between 6 feet (1.8 m) and 12 feet (3.6 m).If you have questions 
about the type of power cord to use, contact an authorized HP service provider. A power cord should be routed so that it is not likely to be walked on or pinched by items placed uponit or against it. Particular attention should be paid to the plug, elec trical outlet, and the point where the cord exits from 
the product.  
Japanese Power Cord Requirements 
For use in Japan, use only the power cord received with this product. 
 
  CAUTION: Do not use the power cord received with this product on any other products. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Product Environmental Notices 
 
Materials Disposal 
 
This HP product contains mercury in the fluorescent lamp in the display LCD that might require special 
handling at end-of-life. Disposal of this material can be regulated because of environmental 
considerations. For disposal or recycling information, contact the local authorities or the Electronic 
Industries Alliance (EIA) http://www.eiae.org . 
 
Disposal of Waste Equipment by Users in Private Household in the 
European Union 
 
This symbol on the product or on its packaging indicates that this product must not be 
disposed of with your household waste. Instead, it is  your responsibility to dispose of your waste 
equipment by handing it over to a designated collection point for the recycling or waste electrical and 
electronic equipment. The separate collection and recycling of your waste equipment at the time of disposal will help to conserve natural resources and ensure that it is recycled in a manner that protects 
human health and the environment. For more information about where you can drop off your waste 
equipment for
 recycling, please contact the local city office, the household waste disposal service or 
the shop where you purchased the product.  
Chemical Substances 
 
HP is committed to providing our customers with information about the chemical substances in our 
products as needed to comply with legal requirements such as REACH (Regulation EC No 1907/2006of the European Parliament and Council). A chemical information report for this product can be found at http/go/reach.  
Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS ) 
 
A Japanese regulatory requirement, defined by specification JIS C 0950, 2005, mandates that 
manufacturers provide Material Content Declarations for certain categories of electronic products offered for sale after July 1, 2006. To view the JIS C 0950 material declaration for this product, visit http://www.hp.com/go/jisc0950
. 
 
 
  
Monitor Placement Considerations 
 For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as the bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces. 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1 Table of Contents 
 
 
Safety Inst ructions ............................................................................................................ ... 2 
Recycling In formation.......................................................................................................... 3 
System components and accesso ries................................................................................ 4  
Connection inst ructions ...................................................................................................... 5  
Installing the display......................................................................................................... ............. 5  
Packaging procedures ........................................................................................................... ....... 5  
Adjusting the viewing angle .......................................................................................................... 5  
Connection instructions................................................................................................................. 6  
Using the display.............................................................................................................. .... 7  
Turning on the display......................................................................................................... .......... 7  
Function controls.............................................................................................................. ............. 7  
Operating the Touch Scr een ............................................................................................... 8  
Touch Software Installation for Microsoft Windows 7 and Windows Vista (Plug and Play) .......... 8  
Touch Software Installation for Microsoft Windows XP ................................................................ 8  
Control of the Touch Function.................................................................................................. ... 11  
When Using Your Touchscreen Monitor..................................................................................... 13  
OSD select ion .................................................................................................................. ... 14  
OSD Menu ....................................................................................................................... ........... 14  
Troubleshoot ing ................................................................................................................ .1 6 
Touch Screen Troubleshooting Tips........................................................................................... 17  
Production Speci fications ................................................................................................. 18  
Preset M odes ................................................................................................................... ... 19  
Appendi x ....................................................................................................................... ...... 20  
Connector pin assignment ....................................................................................................... ... 20  
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2 Safety Instructions 
 
  Please keep the display away from any heat sources such as electric radiators or direct 
sunlight. Place the display in a stable and well-ventilated place. 
 The holes or openings on the display are designed for ventilation. Do not cover or block 
the ventilation holes or openings with any objects. 
 Remove protective film on the screen before you use the display 
 As the display surface is vulnerable to scratches, avoid touching the surface with nail or 
pen point. 
 Shut off the power supply before cleaning. Use a soft lint-free cloth instead of a tissue to 
wipe the screen. 
 You may use a glass cleaner to clean the product as required. However, never spray the 
cleaner directly onto the display surface. 
 Do not attempt to repair this product yourself! Improperly disassembly of the product may 
expose you to danger! If your problem  cannot be solved according to the 
"Troubleshooting" guidelines, contact your regional HP authorized service provider, 
http://www.hp.com/support.  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3 Recycling Information 
 
HP encourages customers to recycle used electronic hardware, HP original print cartridges, and rechargeable batteries. For more information about recycling programs, go to http://www.hp.com/recycle.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4 System components and accessories 
 
   
 
    
Use the provided stylus as a touch pointing device. However, the stylus is not required for optical 
touch applications; for example, finger and other pointing instruments may be used.    If any component is missing, please contact your local dealer for technical support or customer service. 
 
Note: Please keep the original carton and packing materials for future transportation or shipment of the display.  LCD display Power cord Audio cable 
Signal cable (VGA) USB cable DVI cable 
Quick Start Guide User's manual (CD) 
Quick Start 
Guide Stylus 
 
   
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  5 Connection instructions 
 
Installing the display 
 Install: Remove: 
 
Place the display on the table (Figure 1) 
 
Packaging procedures 
If you need to package the display again, please keep the original carton and packing materials. The procedures for re-packaging the display are as follows: 
1. Unplug the power cord from the display (make sure all attached peripherals are already turned 
off). 
2. Put the display into the carton in the original packaging manner. 
 
 Important  
Before you start, place a clean towel or cloth on a flat surface, on which you can place the removed display panel without being damaged. 
 
Adjusting the viewing angle 
 
 
    
 
    
You may adjust the display's viewing angle from -5°  ~ 20°. 
 
 
 (Figure 2) 
 
Note: 
 When you adjust the viewing angle of the display, avoid touching the LCD display with your fingers, 
as this may damage or break the liquid crystal screen. 
 When you adjust the angle of your display, pay attention to your adjustment action, as shown in the 
figure above. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6 Connection instructions 
 CAUTION: Before installation, please make sure to power off the display and the computer.  
 
 
(Figure 3)  
 
○1 Power cord Connect one end of the power cord into the AC power connector on 
the rear of the display, and the other end to an electrical wall outlet. 
○2 VGA cable Connect the signal cable: 
- For analog operation use the VGA cable. Connect the VGA 
signal cable to the VGA connector on the rear of the PC. 
- For digital operation use the DVI-D cable. Connect the DVI-D 
signal cable to the DVI connector on the rear of the monitor and 
the other end to the DVI connector on the rear of the PC. 
○3 Audio cable Connector one end of the audio cable to the audio-in connector on 
the rear of the display, and the other end of the cable to the audio-out 
jack on the PC. 
○4 USB cable Connect one end of the USB cable to the USB connector on the 
display, and the other end of the USB cable to the PC. 
 
 Warning:  
1. Please verify the video card you are using and use an appropriate signal cable. 
2. Pay attention to the PIN assignments and connection directions. Do not force to avoid bending 
the pins. 
 
 VGA (D-sub 15 pin) Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  7 Using the display 
 
Turning on the display 
Turn on the display before turning on the computer. When the power is on, the LED on the power 
button lights blue and the screen image will appear after about 10 seconds. If the LED doesn't light blue or no image appears, please verify if the display is properly connected. 
 
 
 
(Figure 4) 
 
Function controls 
 
1 MENU OSD function menu OSD off: Displays the OSD function menu OSD on: Confirm the OSD function option 
2 < Left/decrease button OSD off: Press this button directly to serve as the shortcut for volume OSD OSD on: Press this button to select/decrease the 
adjustment 
3 > Right/increase button OSD off: Press this button directly to serve as the shortcut for brightness/contrast OSD 
OSD on: Press this button to select/increase the adjustment 
4 AUTO Auto adjustment button OSD off: Perform the auto adjustment function OSD on: Exit the OSD function menu 
5 POWER Power Switch Power ON/OFF Blue LED - Power ON mode Orange LED - Power saving mode 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8 Operating the Touch Screen 
 
Touch Software Installation for Microsoft Windows 7 and Windows Vista (Plug and 
Play) 
 
Windows touch and multi-touch gestures are supported in Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium, 
Professional, Enterprise, and Ultimate Operating System Editions only. Multi-touch is not supported in Windows 7 Home Basic and Starter Editions and Windows Vista Editions.  When you connect the USB cable between the monitor and a computer with Microsoft Windows 7 or Windows Vista operating system, the Windows touch driv er software will automatically install. The 
software may take a few minutes to install and a message will display on the monitor screen indicating that the driver software has been installed successfully. After the touch driver software is installed, you 
can select, launch, and drag objects using the touch screen. To make a selection, touch the screen.  NOTE: Refer to “Connection Instructions” on the previous page for instructions on connecting the 
USB cable.  To verify that the touch driver is installed, on the Windows 7 desktop go to Start > Control Panel 
>System and Security > System and ensure that Pen and Touch Input Available with 2 Touch 
Points is listed in the System section. To determine if touch is available on systems running Windows 
Vista Operating System, go to Start > Control Panel > Mobile PC > Pen and Input Devices.  If the Touch tab appears, touch input is available.  
Touch Software Installation for Microsoft Windows XP 
 
Using the touch screen function on systems running Microsoft Windows XP requires the HP touch driver installation. The touch driver is provided on the CD that comes with the monitor. The touch 
driver does not install calibration software or control panels. The touch function operates after the driver is installed. Multi-touch is not supported in Windows XP.  NOTE: You do not need to install the software for Microsoft Windows 7 or Windows Vista. Microsoft 
plug-and-play touch drivers are already included in  those operating systems for this monitor. 
                Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  9 Installing the Touch Driver from the CD (for Windows XP only) 
 Insert the CD-ROM into the computer CD-ROM drive. The CD menu is displayed (or open Windows Explorer and run the Touch_Driver_Setup.exe from the CD).  1. Click “ Install Touch Driver for Microsoft Windows XP ” from the CD menu. 
NOTE: The monitor ships only with Windows XP touch drivers. Touch drivers are not required for systems running Microsoft Windows 7 and Vista operating systems. 
 2. Click “ Install ” 
On Welcome installation window, click Install.  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
      After clicking Install , the setup wizard shows the installation process. 
                  
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10 3. Click “Finish” 
The driver setup installation is complete. 
                    4. Click “Yes” 
After clicking Finish, the setup wizard will prompt you to reboot the computer.          Once the system is restarted, the installation is complete . 
  Installing the Touch Driver from the Internet (for Windows XP only)  To install the touch driver from the Internet: 1. Go to http://www.hp.com/support
. 
2. Select your country/region. 3. Select your language. 4. Select Download drivers and software (and firmware) and enter your monitor model name and 
number. 
5. Follow the instructions on the screen to download the touch driver software. 
 
  
 
  
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  11 Control of the Touch Function 
 
NOTE: 
1. Before using the touch function, make sure the USB cable is connected, the touch 
applications from the CD are installed (if you are running Windows XP) and the Window's operating system is started. 
 2. When the touch function is active, make sure there is no foreign object in the areas encircled 
in the figure below. 
 
           (Figure 5) Make sure there is no foreign object in the encircled areas.  Finger Operation  The touch function may replace the mouse after you start the Windows operating system and introduce appropriate gesture judgement. Gesture judgement and related Windows software applications are listed below:  
Finger Operation  Windows 7  Windows 
Vista Windows XP 
Tablet  Windows XP  
Drag Y Y Y Y 
Click Y Y Y Y 
Double-click  Y Y Y Y 
Single-touch 
digitizer  Y Y Y N 
Multi-touch 
gestures  Y N N N 
 
NOTE:  Microsoft Windows multi-touch gestures are not supported on Microsoft Windows 7 Home 
Basic and Starter Editions. 
 
Use your finger or the provided stylus for touch applications.  NOTE: The touch function may need about 7 seconds to resume if the USB cable is re-plugged or the 
computer resumes from sleep mode (suspend mode).   
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12 Using the Extended Display Setup 
 Microsoft Windows 7 Operating Systems (Home Premium, Professional, Enterprise and Ultimate Editions) support extended display touch screen functions for two monitors connected to one system.   1. Make sure a USB cable is connected from the computer to each monitor.  2. Select Start  > Control Panel  and change View by:  to Large icons or Small icons. 
                   3. Select the Tablet PC Settings  control panel. The Tablet PC Settings control panel will only appear 
after Microsoft Windows 7 recognizes a connected touch monitor.   
 4. On the Display  tab in the Tablet PC Settings, select the name of the monitor you want to calibrate 
from the drop down menu. 
                   
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  13 5. Click on the Calibrate… button.  Perform a calibration on each monitor separately.   
               NOTE:  If you have two monitors that are the same model, be sure to note which model is calibrated 
first, as both will appear with identical names.  Microsoft Windows XP and Windows Vista do not support extended display touch functionality. Microsoft Windows Vista and Windows XP (with touch dr ivers installed) support single-touch functions 
on the primary monitor only, not the secondary monitor (extended or cloned desktop).  Gesture Support  
Windows Touch enables several gestures that support single and multiple contacts. Refer to the Microsoft 
Website  http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd371585  on topics and various gestures that are 
supported in Windows 7.  
 
 
When Using Your Touchscreen Monitor 
 
• Keep the display away from any heat sources such as electric radiators, natural gas pipes or direct 
sunlight. Also keep the display away from excessive dust, mechanical vibration or shock.  • Retain the original carton & packaging materials. They will be convenient for you, if you need to transport your display again.  • For best protection, pack the display in the original manner of package from the factory.  • To maintain a brand new appearance of the display, clean with soft cloth regularly. Please remove stubborn stains with soft cleaner rather than strong cleaners such as diluting agent, benzene or corrosive cleaner as they may damage the display. For the sake of safety, remove the power plug prior to cleaning.  • The touch function may need about 7 seconds to resume if the USB cable is re-plugged or the computer resumes from sleep mode (low power mode). 
 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14 OSD selection 
 
Press the Menu button to activate the OSD function menu and continue pressing the Menu button to select an option from the 7 functions in the menu. Select the function you want to adjust on the OSD function menu and then press MENU to make adjustment. Please use <or>  to adjust the screen to 
your desired status. After finishing the setting, press AUTO to exit the OSD screen. 
 
OSD Menu 
 
  Brightness/Contrast 
Brightness: Press < or > (②
 and ③ in Figure 4) to adjust the 
brightness. 
Contrast: Press < or > (② and ③ in Figure 4) to adjust the 
contrast.  
 
 
 IMAGE CONTROL 
Auto Adjustment: Automatically selects the optimal settings 
for image parameters. 
H.POSITION: Controls the picture’s horizontal position. 
V.POSITION:  Controls the picture’s vertical position. 
CLOCK: Sets up the internal clock. Larger values make the 
displayed image appear wider; smaller values make it appear compressed. PHASE: Adjusts the internal clock’s time lag in order to 
optimize the screen image. SHARPNESS: Controls image sharpness.  
 COLOR 
This menu lets you select a preset color temperature (9300K, 
6500K or s RGB) by pressing the OSD buttons < or >. Changes 
to the color temperature take immediate effect on screen. If you 
wish to set individual color values, select the Custom Color option.  Then press the MENU button to select the red, green and blue settings and set the desired value using the OSD buttons < or 
>.  
The current settings are automatically saved when you return to the previous level or exit the OSD menu.  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  15 
 
 
 OSD CONTROL H.OSD POSITION: Controls the OSD menu’s horizontal position.
V.OSD POSITION: Controls the OSD menu’s vertical position. 
OSD TIMEOUT: Determines how long (in seconds) the OSD 
menu waits before closing automat ically after no action has been 
performed. 
 OTHER LANGUAGE: OSD menu language selection: 
ENGLISH,DEUTSCH,FRANCAIS,ESPANOL,ITALIANO,POLSKI, 
NEDERLANDS,PYCCKO. 
INPUT:  Selects Analog (D-sub) or Digital (DVI-D) input. 
SPEAKER VOLUME: Adjusts the monitor loudspeaker output 
volume. 
INFORMATION: There is an optional OSD window (on/off) that displays the newly adjusted screen resolution settings.  
  
 Note: Do not adjust the screen setting when animation is displayed; make sure to adjust the 
setting in full screen mode. 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16 Troubleshooting 
 
 
Problems Possible solutions 
Power LED doesn't light up.  Check if the power switch is in the ON position 
 Make sure the power cord is properly connected 
No screen image  Check if the power switch is in the ON position 
 Make sure the power cord is properly connected 
 Make sure the signal cable is securely connected 
 When the display is in use, it will automatically turn off to enter 
the power saving mode. Please press any key to see if the image resumes. 
Abnormal colors are present  Please refer to the "Color Temperature" section to adjust the 
RGB color or select a color temperature. 
The image bounces or a wave pattern is present  Remove any electrical device that may be causing electrical 
interference. 
 Check the signal cable and make sure the pins are not bent. 
The screen image is not centered or the size is incorrect  Press the Auto button to automatically optimize the display 
status. 
 Refer to the "Image Control section". 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  17  
Touch Screen Troubleshooting Tips 
 
Problems Possible Solutions 
Computer does not recover 
from sleep mode when the touch screen is touched Sleep mode recovery is not supported by the touch screen. Use the keyboard or mouse to recover from the computer ‘s sleep mode. 
The USB cable is quickly removed from the monitor then reinserted, the touch function may be lost. Microsoft Windows takes a minimum amount of time to adjust system parameters when a USB device is either removed or connected. Try removing the USB connection again, wait for at least 5 seconds then plug it in again. 
The two-touch operation and some gestures do not function on Windows Vista or XP operating systems. Only Windows 7 Operating System supports the two-touch and gestures functions. 
The Start, Close and other icons are too small to touch with a finger. Windows 7 operating sytem provides a large icon feature that supports touch screen funtions. This feature can be accessed in the Control Panel. A stylus may also be used. 
Touch operation does not function properly on lower resolution video modes that are not displayed in full screen. Although the monitor supports a fill-to-aspect ratio function, the touch controller does not know how to respond to less than full screen images. Either change the resolution to 1920 x 1080 or access the OSD menu and select Image Control to enable Fill-to-Screen (default settng). 
A single touch is recognized as two touches. If using a paint tool, a single finger creates two lines. The touch controller has limitation on the size of the "touch" area. Afinger tip touch usually works better than a flat forefinger or thumb touch. 
When the monitor used is in a dual-screen configuration, the touch function on the second display does not work. The USB connection is only capable of operating a single-touch screen monitor. 
 
  Note: Never disassemble or repair the product yourself. If your problem cannot be solved 
according to the troubleshooting guidelines, please contact your local dealer. 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18 Production Specifications 
 
LCD panel size 54.61 cm(21.5in) 
DCR 3000:1 (typical) 
Viewing angle Horizontal 170°, vertical 160° (typical) 
Response time 5 ms (typical) 
Brightness 265 cd/m2 (typical) 
Input signal Analog signal (D-sub); digital signal (DVI) 
Display color 16.7 M colors 
Frequency 24 ~ 83 kHz Horizontal, 50 ~ 76 Hz Vertical 
Optimum graphic 
resolution 1920 x 1080(60Hz) 
Max Pixel clock 180 MHZ 
Tilt -5° ~ 20° 
Audio output 1W X 2 
Power supply AC: 100-240V~ 50/60Hz; 
Power consumption Display mode: Max 48W; LED color: Blue 
Sleeping mode: Less than 1W, LED color: Orange 
Size Width: 513 mm, Height: 393 mm, Depth: 228 mm 
Width: 20.2 in, Height: 15.5 in, Depth: 9 in 
Weight 6.4 kg/14.1 lb (net) 
Environmental conditions Operating temperature/humidity: 
5 ~ 35°C, relative humidity: 10-85% 
Storage temperature/humidity: 
5 ~ 35°C, relative humidity: 10-85% 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  19 Preset Modes 
 
Preset Pixel Horz 
Freq (kHz) Horz Polarity Vert Freq (Hz) Vert Polarity Pixel Clk (MHz) Source 
1  640 x 480  31.469  - 59.940 - 25.175  VGA  
2  720 x 400  31.469  - 70.087 +  28.322  VGA  
3  800 x 600  37.879  +  60.317 +  40.000  VESA  
4  1024 x 768  48.363  - 60.004 - 65.000  VESA  
5  1280 x 720  45.00  +  60.00 +  74.25  VESA/CEA-861D 
6  1280 x 960  60.00  ±  60.00 ±  108.000  VESA  
7  1280 x 1024 63.98  +  60.02 +  108.000  VESA  
8  1440 x 900  55.94  - 59.89 +  106.500  CVT 1.30MA  
9  1600 x 1200 75.00  +  60.00 +  162.000  VESA  
10  1680 x 1050 65.29  - 60.0  +  146.25  CVT 1.76MA  
11  1920 x 1080 67.5  +  60.00 +  148.5  VESA/CEA-861D 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20 Appendix 
 
Connector pin assignment 
 
 15 pin color display signal cable: 
 
 
 
PIN No. Description PIN No. Description 
1.  Red 9.  +5V  
2.  Green 10.  Logic ground 
3.  Blue 11.  Monitor ground 
4.  Monitor ground 12.  DDC-serial data 
5.  DDC-return 13.  H-sync 
6.  R-ground 14.  V-sync 
7.  G-ground 15.  DDC-serial time sequence 
8.  B-ground   
 
   24 pin DVD-D display signal cable: 
 
 
 
Pin No. Description Pin No. Description 
1 TMDS Data 2 - 13 TMDS Data 3 + 
2 TMDS Data 2 + 14 +3.3/+5V Power (from PC) 
3 TMDS Data 2 / 4 Shield 15 Ground (Return for +5V) 
4 TMDS Data 4 - 16 Hot Plug Detect 
5 TMDS Data 4 + 17 TMDS Data 0 - 
6 DDC Clock 18 TMDS Data 0 + 
7 DDC Data 19 TMDS Data 0 / 5 Shield 
8 No Connect 20 TMDS Data 5 - 
9 TMDS Data 1 - 21 TMDS Data 5 + 
10 TMDS Data 1 + 22 TMDS Clock Shield 
11 TMDS Data 1 / 3 Shield 23 TMDS Clock + 
12 TMDS Data 3 - 24 TMDS Clock - 
  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide
1825 Flat Panel Monitor
Document Part Number: 305223-001
August 2002
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  © 2002 Hewlett-Packard Company
Compaq and the Compaq logo are trademarks of Compaq Information 
Technologies Group, L.P. in the U.S. and other countries.
All other product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their 
respective companies.
Hewlett-Packard Company shall not be liable for technical or editorial 
errors or omissions contained herein or for incidental or consequential 
damages in connection with the furnishing, performance, or use of this material. The information in this document is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a pa rticular purpose, and is subject to 
change without notice. The warranties for HP products are set forth in the 
express limited warranty statements accompanying such products. Nothing 
herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty.
This document contains proprietary information that is protected by 
copyright. No part of this documen t may be photocopied, reproduced, or 
translated to another language without the prior written consent of Hewlett-Packard Company.
ÅWARNING: Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to 
follow directions could result in bodily harm or loss of life.
ÄCAUTION: Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to follow 
directions could result in damage to equipment or loss of information.
User’s Guide
1825 Flat Panel MonitorFirst Edition (August 2002)
Document Part Number: 305223-001Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  1Product Features
The 1825 Flat Panel Display has an active matrix, thin-film 
transistor (TFT), liquid crystal display (LCD). The monitor features include:
■Large 18.1-inch (45.9 cm) viewable area display.
■1280 × 1024 native resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
■Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position, or moving side-to-side.
■Tilt and swivel adjustment capabilities.
■Removable base for flexible mounting solutions.
■Multiple video inputs supported:
❏VGA Analog
❏DVI-I supports either Analog or Digital signal input
■VGA analog and DVI-Digital signal cables included.
■Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
■On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments in English, French, 
German, Italian, Spanish, and Simplified Chinese for ease of 
set-up and screen optimization.
■Software and Reference Library  CD includes an information 
file (INF), Image Color Matching file (ICM), and product 
documentation.
■Energy Saver feature for Energy Star compliance.
■AssetControl
■Compliant with the following regulated specifications:
❏EPA ENERGY STAR
❏European Union CE Directives Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   2 User’s Guide❏Swedish MPR II 1990 
❏Swedish TCO '99 
Installing the Information Files
The CD-ROM included with this monitor contains two 
information files to be installed onto your computer; an .INF file 
and an .ICM file. 
■The .INF file defines monitor resources and provides 
specifications used by most operating systems to install 
support software for certain hardware devices. The .INF file ensures monitor compatibility and optimization with your 
computer’s graphics adapter. INF files are downloadable by 
clicking on: 
www.hp.com/go/support  and selecting the desired 
monitor.
■The .ICM file provides color matching consistency from monitor screen to printer and is activated from within graphics programs that have this feature. 
To install these files on your computer, insert the Software and 
Reference Library  CD in your computer CD-ROM drive. When 
the CD menu launches, select  Install INF and ICM Files and 
follow the on-screen instructions.
Setting Up the Monitor
To set up the monitor, ensure that the power is turned off to the 
monitor, computer system, and other attached devices, then follow these steps:
1. Place the monitor in a convenient, well-ventilated location 
near your computer.
2. Connect the monitor signal cable to the video connector on 
the rear panel of the computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  3✎The DVI-D cable supplied with this monitor is for digital- 
to-digital connection only. Your computer must have a 
DVI-compatible graphics card insta lled for use with this cable. 
When connecting the DVI-D signal cable to the DVI connector 
on the monitor, you must connect the other end of the DVI-D 
cable to the DVI connector on the computer.
3. Connect the monitor signal cable to the back of the monitor.
4. Connect the power cable to the back of the monitor.
5. Connect the power cable to an electrical wall outlet.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   4 User’s Guide6. Adjust the monitor as needed for your comfort using the 
monitor’s tilt, swivel, and height adjustment capabilities.
✎You can change your monitor’s vi ewing position to portrait. To 
rotate your display to the portrait position, you will need to install 
the Pivot software, which is contained on the CD included with 
your monitor. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  5
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   6 User’s GuideÅWARNING: To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to your 
equipment: Do not disable the power cord grounding plug. The 
grounding plug is an important safety feature.
Plug the power cord into a grounded (earthed) electrical outlet that is 
easily accessible at all times.
Disconnect power from the monitor by unplugging the power cord 
from the electrical outlet.
Do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so 
that no one may accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on 
a cord or cable. When unplugging from the electrical outlet, grasp 
the cord by the plug.
ÄCAUTION: Burn-in image damage may occur on monitors that 
display the same static image on screen for a prolonged period of 
time. To avoid burn-in image damage on your monitor screen, you 
should always activate a screen saver application or turn off the 
monitor when it is not in use for a prolonged period of time.
Selecting the Signal Connectors and Cables
There are two signal input connectors: one VGA connector and 
one DVI-I connector. The monitor will automatically determine which inputs have valid video signa ls. The inputs can be selected 
via the On-Screen Display (OSD ) feature or by pressing the 
Signal Input Selection contro l on the monitor front bezel.
The video mode supported by the DVI-I connector is determined 
by the video cable used. For digital operation, use the DVI-D to 
DVI-D signal cable provided. For analog operation, a DVI-I to VGA signal cable must be attached to the DVI-I input (not 
provided with the monitor).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  7Removing the Monitor Base
You can remove the monitor base to mount the monitor on a wall, 
a swing arm or other mounting fixture. To remove the monitor 
from the base, read the caution and warning below before 
beginning the procedure.
ÄCAUTION: Before beginning to disassemble the monitor, be sure 
the monitor is turned off and the power and signal cables are both 
disconnected. 
Lay the front bezel down on a soft area to prevent it from getting 
scratched, defaced, or broken
ÅWARNING: Do not remove the base from the monitor while the 
monitor is in the upright position. Before removing the monitor from 
the base, ensure that the monitor is lying flat, front bezel down, and that the base is set to the maximum base extension. Attempting to 
remove the monitor from the base while upright in the minimum base 
extension may result in injury to the user.
1. Disconnect and remove the signal and power cables from the 
back of the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   8 User’s Guide2. Remove the four screws as shown in the following 
illustration.
ÄCAUTION: Ensure that the bottom of the monitor base is positioned 
over a table or desktop before removing the base from the monitor.
3. Remove the monitor base from the monitor.
Mounting the Monitor
1. Remove the monitor base. Refer to “Removing the Monitor 
Base” steps in the previous section.
When the base is removed, four threaded mounting holes are 
exposed on the monitor panel to be used for mounting purposes. These mounting holes are spaced 100 mm apart and are 
compliant with the Video Electronics Standards Association 
(VESA) standard for mounting flat panel displays.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  92. Mount the monitor to a swing arm or other mounting fixture 
by following the instructions included with the mounting 
fixture to be used.
Operating the Monitor
Front Panel Controls
No. Control Function
1 Auto button Automatically adjusts the 
displayed image
2 Input button Allows you to switch to and from 
the VGA and DVI-I video signal 
inputs when the OSD is off.
3 Menu Navigates through the OSD 
option icons and adjusts settings.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   10 User’s Guide4 Brightness  Adjust brightness up and 
down (when the OSD is off). 
 Use the up and down buttons 
to navigate through the OSD 
menus when the OSD is on.
5 Power LED Illuminates green when the 
monitor is on and turns amber when the monitor is in a power 
saver mode.
6 Power Switch Turns the monitor on and offFront Panel Controls
No. Control FunctionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  11On-Screen Display Settings
The adjustments for screen setti ngs are located in the on-screen 
display (OSD). Press the menu button on the monitor's front panel 
to view the OSD menu in one of  seven available languages. The 
following table shows the menus and their functions at each level:
 OSD Menu Levels
Menu Level 
1Menu Level 
2Menu Level 
3Menu Level 
4
Adjust Position Horizontal
Vertical
Brightness & 
ContrastBrightness
Contrast
Video Noise Phase
Clock
Adjust Color Original Panel 
Color
9300K for CAD/CAM
6500K for 
Image 
Management
User Preset Red
Green
Blue
OSD Settings Horizontal
Vertical
Product InformationSerial No.
ResolutionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   12 User’s Guide✎The Video Noise OSD selection is not available when the monitor 
is operating in the DVI-D (digital) mode.
Adjusting Monitor Settings
On the front panel controls of your monitor, once you press the 
menu button, the On Screen Display (OSD) Main Controls 
window will pop up and you can now start making adjustments to 
your monitor’s various features. Use the left, right, up, and down 
arrow keys in the menu window to make your adjustments.Video Input
Reset to Factory 
SettingNo
Yes
Input Selection Analog (D-Sub)
Digital (DVI)
Analog (DVI)
Exit Main 
ControlsOSD Menu Levels
Menu Level 
1Menu Level 
2Menu Level 
3Menu Level 
4Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  13Adjusting Screen Quality
Allow the monitor to warm up for 20 minutes before performing 
the following procedures. 
The Auto Adjustment feature automatically fine-tunes the image 
quality each time a new video mode is utilized. If additional 
improvement is desired, select the Auto Adjust control on the front bezel.
For more precise adjustments, use the adjustment pattern 
provided on the CD-ROM, and adjust the clock and phase settings (accessed from the OSD menu) as described in the 
following section.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   14 User’s GuideOptimizing Digital Conversion
This monitor contains advanced circuitry that allows the flat 
panel screen to function like a standard monitor. Two controls in 
the on-screen display can be adjusted to improve image 
performance: Clock and Clock Ph ase. Use these controls only 
when the auto adjust function does not provide a satisfactory 
image.
✎The Clock must first be set correctly since the Clock Phase 
settings are dependent on the main Clock setting.
■Clock—Increase/decrease the value to minimize any vertical 
bars or stripes visible on the screen background.
■Clock Phase—Increase/decrease the value to minimize video distortion or video jitter.
✎When using the controls, you will obtain the best results by using 
the adjustment pattern application provided on the CD-ROM.
✎When adjusting the Clock and Clock Phase values, if the monitor images become distorted, continue adjusting the values until the distortion disappears. To restore the factory settings, select Yes 
from the Factory Reset menu in the on-screen display. 
Recognizing Preset Display Resolutions
The display resolutions listed below are the most commonly used modes and are set as factory defaults. This monitor automatically 
recognizes these preset modes and they will appear properly sized 
and centered on the screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  15Entering User Modes
The video controller signal may occasionally call for a mode that 
is not preset if:
■You are not using a standard graphics adapter.
■You are not using a preset mode.
If this occurs, you may need to re adjust the parameters of the 
monitor screen by using the on-screen display. Your changes can be made to any or all of these modes and saved in memory. The 
monitor automatically stores the new setting, then recognizes the Factory Preset Display Modes
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 x 350 31.5 70.0
2 720 x 400 31.5 70.03 640 x 480 31.5 60.0
46 4 0  x  4 8 0 3 7 . 9 7 2 . 0
56 4 0  x  4 8 0 3 7 . 5 7 5 . 068 0 0  x  6 0 0 3 5 . 2 5 6 . 07 800 x 600 37 .9 60.0
8 800 x 600 46.9 75.0
98 3 2  x  6 2 4 4 9 . 7 7 5 . 0
10 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0
11 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0
12 1152 x 870 69.0 75.013 1280 x 1024 63.9 60.0
14 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0
15 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   16 User’s Guidenew mode just as it does a preset mode. In addition to the 15 
factory preset modes, there are four user modes that can be 
entered and stored. 
Energy Saver Feature
When the monitor is in its normal operating mode, the monitor 
uses less than 60 watts of power and the Power light is green.
The monitor also supports a reduced power state. The reduced 
power state will be entered into if the monitor detects the absence 
of either the horizontal sync signal and/or the vertical sync signal. Upon detecting the absence of thes e signals, the monitor screen is 
blanked, the backlight is turned off, and the Power light is turned 
amber. When the monitor is in the reduced power state, the monitor will utilize less than 5 watts of power. There is a brief 
warm up period before the monitor will return to its normal 
operating mode.
Refer to your computer manual for instructions on setting energy 
saver features (sometimes calle d power management features).
✎The above energy saver feature only works when connected to 
computers that have energy saver features.
By selecting settings in the monitor’s Energy Saver utility, you 
can also program the monitor to  enter into the reduced power 
state at a predetermined time. When the monitor’s Energy Saver 
utility causes the monitor to enter the reduced power state, the 
Power light blinks amber.
Care and Maintenance
Use the following guidelines to care for and maintain your 
monitor during normal everyday use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  17Protecting the Monitor
To protect your monitor from overheating and other types of 
damage:
■Use only a power source and c onnection appropriate for this 
monitor, as indicated on the marking label/back plate and the AC adapter.
■If an extension cord or power strip is used, make sure that the cord or strip is rated for the product and that the total ampere ratings of all products plugged into the extension cord or 
power strip do not exceed 80% of the extension cord or strip 
ampere ratings limit.
■Do not overload an electrical outlet, power strip, or 
convenience receptacle. The overall system load must not 
exceed 80% of the branch circuit rating. If power strips are used, the load should not exceed 80% of the power strip input 
rating.
■Install the monitor near an outlet that you can easily reach. 
Disconnect the product by grasping the plug firmly and 
pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect it by pulling the 
cord.
■Unplug the monitor from the wall outlet before cleaning. Do not use liquid cleaners or aerosol cleaners. 
■Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. 
These openings must not be blocked or covered. Never push 
objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.
■Do not drop the monitor or pl ace it on an unstable surface.
■Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk 
on the cord.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   18 User’s Guide■Keep the monitor in a well-ventilated area, away from 
excessive light, heat, and moisture. Keep the monitor away 
from high capacity transformers, electric motors, and other 
strong magnetic fields.
■Do not open the monitor cabinet or attempt to service this product yourself. Adjust only those controls that are covered by the operating instructions. If the monitor is not operating 
properly or has been dropped or damaged, contact your 
authorized dealer, reseller, or service provider.
Cleaning the Monitor
To clean the monitor, follow these steps:
1. Turn off the monitor and the computer.2. Dust the monitor by wiping the screen and the cabinet with a 
soft, clean cloth.
If the screen requires additiona l cleaning, use a clean cloth 
dampened with isopropyl alcohol.
ÄCAUTION: Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, or any volatile 
substance to clean the monitor screen or cabinet. These chemicals 
may damage the monitor. Never use water to clean an LCD screen.
Shipping the Monitor
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. You may need it 
later if you move or ship your monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  19Specifications
1825 Flat Panel Monitor
Display
Type18.1 inches
TFT LCD 46 cm
Viewable Image Size 18.1-inch 
diagonal 46 cm
Tilt
Swivel-5 to 35o 
+35 to - 35o
Face Treatment Anti-glare 
polarizer with 
hard coating
Maximum Weight
(Unpacked) 22.9 lbs. 10.4 kg 
(unpacked)
Dimensions 
(includes pedestal)
Height
DepthWidth19.9 inches
8.2 inches
15.8 inches506 mm
208 mm
402 mm
Graphics Resolutions 1280 x 1024 (75 Hz) analog and 
digital modes
1600 x 1200 (60 Hz) analog mode 
only
Text Mode 720 x 400Dot Pitch 0.279 x 0.279 
mm
Horizontal Frequency 
(analog mode)30 to 82 kHz
Vertical Refresh Rate 
(analog mode)56 to 76 HzDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   20 User’s Guide* Commission International d’Eclairage, 1931 Standard.Environmental Requirements
TemperatureOperating Temperature
Non-operating Temperature32to 95
o F
-4 to 140o F0 to 35o C
-20 to +60o C
Relative Humidity 20 to 80%
Power Source 100 - 240 VAC, 
50/60 Hz
Power Consumption <60 watts typical
Input Terminals 15-pin D-type connector with cable 
included.
DVI-I connector with DVI-D cable 
included
Color Display Values
CIE* Chromaticity Coordinates
x (+/- 0.030) y (+/- 0.030)
Red 0.63 0.34
Blue 0.141 0.096Green 0.295 0.600
White Chromaticity (6500 K)
(9300 K)0.31
0.280.329
0.31
Gamma: 2.21825 Flat Panel MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide  21Agency Regulatory Notices
Federal Communications Commission 
Notice
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the 
limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC 
Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection 
against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency 
energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the 
instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is  no guarantee that interference 
will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does 
cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user 
is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of 
the following measures:
■Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
■Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
■Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
■Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or television 
technician for help.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   22 User’s GuideAgency Regulatory Notices
 Modifications
The FCC requires the user to be notified that any changes or 
modifications made to this device that are not expressly approved 
by Compaq Computer Corporation may void the user's authority 
to operate the equipment.
Cables
Connections to this device must be made with shielded cables with metallic RFI/EMI connector hoods to maintain compliance 
with FCC Rules and Regulations.
Declaration of Conformity for Products
Marked with FCC Logo, United States 
Only
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is 
subject to the following  two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any 
interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operation.
For questions regarding your product, contact:
Compaq Computer Corporation 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113 Houston, Texas  77269-2000
Or, call - 1-800- 652-6672 (1-800-OK COMPAQ) For questions regarding this FCC declaration, contact:Compaq Computer Corporation 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop  510101Houston,  Texas  77269-2000
Or, call  - (281) 514-3333Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Agency Regulatory Notices
User’s Guide  23To identify this product, refer to the Part, Series, or Model 
number found on the product.
Canadian Notice
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements of the 
Canadian Interference-Causing Equipment Regulations.
Avis Canadien
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B respecte toutes les 
exigences du Règlement sur le matériel brouilleur du Canada.
European Notice
Products with the CE Marking comply with both the EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) and the Low Voltage Directive 
(73/23/EEC) issued by the Commission of the European Community.
Compliance with these directives implies conformity to the 
following European Norms (in brackets are the equivalent international standards):
■EN55022 (CISPR 22) - Electromagnetic Interference
■EN55024 (IEC61000-4-2,3,4,5,6,8,11) - Electromagnetic 
Immunity
■EN61000-3-2 (IEC61000-3-2) – Power Line Harmonics
■EN61000-3-3 (IEC61000-3-3) – Power Line Flicker
■EN60950 (IEC950) - Product SafetyDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   24 User’s GuideAgency Regulatory Notices
 Japanese Notice
EPA Energy Star Compliance
Monitors that are marked with the Energy Star Logo meet the 
requirements of the EPA Energy Star program. As an Energy Star 
Partner, Compaq Computer Corporation has determined that this product meets the Energy Star guidelines for energy efficiency. 
Specific details on using the Energy Saving features can be found 
in the energy saver or power management section of the computer manual.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Agency Regulatory Notices
User’s Guide  25TCO ‘99
Congratulations!
You have just purchased a TCO'99 approved and labelled 
product! Your choice has provided you with a product developed 
for professional use. Your purchase has also contributed to 
reducing the burden on the environment and also to the further development of environmentally adapted electronics products.
Why do we have environmentally labelled 
computers?
In many countries, environmental labelling has become an 
established method for encouraging the adaptation of goods and 
services to the environment. The main problem, as far as 
computers and other electronics equipment are concerned, is that environmentally harmful substances are used both in the products 
and during their manufacture. Since it is not so far possible to 
satisfactorily recycle the majority of electronics equipment, most 
of these potentially damaging substances sooner or later enter 
nature. 
There are also other characteristics of a computer, such as energy 
consumption levels, that are important from the viewpoints of 
both the work (internal) and natural (external) environments. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   26 User’s GuideAgency Regulatory Notices
 Since all methods of electricity generation have a negative effect 
on the environment (e.g. acidic and climate-influencing 
emissions, radioactive waste), it is vital to save energy. 
Electronics equipment in offices is often left running 
continuously and thereby consumes a lot of energy.
What does labelling involve?
This product meets the requirements for the TCO'99 scheme which provides for international and environmental labelling of 
personal computers. The labelling scheme was developed as a joint effort by the TCO (The Swedish Confederation of 
Professional Employees), Svenska Naturskyddsforeningen (The 
Swedish Society for Nature Conservation) and Statens Energimyndighet (The Swedish National Energy 
Administration).
Approval requirements cover a wide range of issues: 
environment, ergonomics, usability, emission of electric and 
magnetic fields, energy consumption and electrical and fire 
safety.
The environmental demands impose restrictions on the presence 
and use of heavy metals, bro minated and chlorinated flame 
retardants, CFCs (freons) and chlorinated solvents, among other 
things. The product must be prepared for recycling and the 
manufacturer is obliged to have an environmental policy which must be adhered to in each  country where the company 
implements its operational policy.
The energy requirements include a demand that the computer 
and/or display, after a certain pe riod of inactivity, shall reduce its 
power consumption to a lower level in one or more stages. The 
length of time to reactivate the computer shall be reasonable for 
the user.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Agency Regulatory Notices
User’s Guide  27Labelled products must meet strict environmental demands, for 
example, in respect of the reduction of electric and magnetic 
fields, physical and visual ergonomics and good usability.
Below you will find a brief summary of the environmental 
requirements met by this produc t. The complete environmental 
criteria document may be ordered from:
TCO Development
SE-114 94 Stockholm, Sweden
Fax: +46 8 782 92 07Email (Internet): development@tco.se
Current information regarding TCO'99 approved and labelled 
products may also be obtained via the Internet, using the address: 
http://www.tco-info.com/
Environmental requirements
Flame retardants
Flame retardants are present in printed circuit boards, cables, 
wires, casings and housings. Thei r purpose is to prevent, or at 
least to delay the spread of fir e. Up to 30% of the plastic in a 
computer casing can consist of flame retardant substances. Most 
flame retardants contain bromine or chloride, and those flame retardants are chemically related to another group of 
environmental toxins, PCBs. Both the flame retardants containing 
bromine or chloride and the PCBs are suspected of giving rise to severe health effects, including reproductive damage in 
fish-eating birds and mammals, due to the bioaccumulative* 
processes. Flame retardants have been found in human blood and researchers fear that disturbances in foetus development may 
occur.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   28 User’s GuideAgency Regulatory Notices
 The relevant TCO'99 demand requires that plastic components 
weighing more than 25 grams must not contain flame retardants 
with organically bound bromine or chlorine. Flame retardants are 
allowed in the printed circuit boards since no substitutes are 
available.
Cadmium**
Cadmium is present in rechargeable batteries and in the 
colour-generating layers of certain computer displays. Cadmium damages the nervous system and is toxic in high doses. The 
relevant TCO'99 requirement states that batteries, the 
colour-generating layers of display screens and the electrical or electronics components must not contain any cadmium.
Mercury**
Mercury is sometimes found in batt eries, relays and switches. It 
damages the nervous system and is toxic in high doses. The 
relevant TCO'99 requirement states that batteries may not contain any mercury. It also demands that mercury is not present in any of 
the electrical or electronics components associated with the 
labelled unit. There is however one exception. Mercury is, for the 
time being, permitted in the b ack light system of flat panel 
monitors as there today is no comm ercially available alternative. 
TCO aims on removing this exception when a mercury free 
alternative is available.
CFCs (freons)
The relevant TCO'99 requirement states that neither CFCs nor 
HCFCs may be used during the manufacture and assembly of the product. CFCs (freons) are sometimes used for washing printed 
circuit boards. CFCs break down ozone and thereby damage the 
ozone layer in the stratosphere , causing increased reception on 
earth of ultraviolet light with e.g. increased risks of skin cancer 
(malignant melanoma) as a consequence.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Agency Regulatory Notices
User’s Guide  29Lead**
Lead can be found in picture tube s, display screens, solders and 
capacitors. Lead damages the nervous system and in higher 
doses, causes lead poisoning. Th e relevant TCO´99 requirement 
permits the inclusion of lead since no replacement has yet been developed.
*Bioaccumulative is defined as  substances which accumulate 
within living organisms.
**Lead, Cadmium and Mercury are heavy metals that are 
Bioaccumulative.
Power Cord Set Requirements
The monitor power supply is provided with Automatic Line Switching (ALS). This feature allo ws the monitor to operate on 
input voltages between 100-120V or 200-240V.
The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) received with the 
monitor meets the requirements for use in the country where you 
purchased the equipment.
If you need to obtain a power cord for a different country, you 
should purchase a power cord that is approved for use in that country.
The power cord must be rated for the product and for the voltage 
and current marked on the product's electrical ratings label. The voltage and current rating of the cord should be greater than the 
voltage and current rating marked on the product. In addition, the 
cross-sectional area of the wire must be a minimum of 0.75 mm² or 18AWG, and the length of the cord must be between 6 feet (1.8 
m) and 12 feet (3.6 m). If you have questions about the type of 
power cord to use, contact your Compaq authorized service provider.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   30 User’s GuideAgency Regulatory Notices
 A power cord should be routed so that it is not likely to be walked 
on or pinched by items placed upon  it or against it. Particular 
attention should be paid to the plug, electrical outlet, and the 
point where the cord exits from the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  HP Compaq LA2006x, LA2206x, and
LA2306x LED Backlit LCD Monitors
User GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  © 2010, 2011 Hewlett-Packard
Development Company, L.P.
Microsoft, Windows, and Windows Vista are
either trademarks or registered trademarks
of Microsoft Corporation in the United
States and/or other countries.
The only warranties for HP products and
services are set forth in the express
warranty statements accompanying such
products  and services  . Nothing  herein
should be construed as  constituting an
additional warranty. HP shall not be liable
for technical or editorial errors or omissions
contained herein.
This document contains proprietary
information that is protected by copyright.
No part of this document may be
photocopied, reproduced, or translated to
another language without the prior written
consent of Hewlett-Packard Company.
Second Edition (June 2011)
Document Part Number: 630579-002Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About This Guide
This guide provides information on setting up the monitor, installing driv ers, using the on-screen
display menu, troubleshooting and technical specifications.
WARNING! Text set off in this manner indi cates that failure to follow di rections could result in bodily
harm or loss of life.
CAUTION: Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to follo w directions could result in
damage to equipment or loss of information.
NOTE: Text set off in this manner provides important supplemental information.
ENWW iiiDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  iv   About This Guide ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table of contents
1  Product Features ........................................................................................................... ................................. 1
HP LCD Monitors ............................................................................................................... .................. 1
2  Safety and Maintenance Guidelines .......................................................................................... .................... 3
Important Safety Information .................................................................................................. .............. 3
Maintenance Guidelines ........................................................................................................ ............... 3
Cleaning the Monitor .......................................................................................................... .. 4
Shipping the Monitor .......................................................................................................... .. 4
3  Setting Up the Monitor ..................................................................................................... .............................. 5
Unfolding the Monitor Pedestal Base ........................................................................................... ........ 5
Rear Components ............................................................................................................... ................. 6
Connecting the Cables ......................................................................................................... ................ 7
Adjusting the Monitor ......................................................................................................... ................... 9
Turning on the Monitor ........................................................................................................ ............... 11
Connecting USB Devices ........................................................................................................ ........... 12
Removing the Monitor Pedestal Base ............................................................................................ .... 13
Mounting the Monitor ......................................................................................................... 14
Locating the Rating Labels .................................................................................................... ............. 15
Installing a Cable Lock ....................................................................................................... ................ 15
4  Operating the Monitor ...................................................................................................... ............................ 16
Software and Utilities ........................................................................................................ .................. 16
The Information File .......................................................................................................... . 16
The Image Color Matching File .......................................................................................... 16
Installing the .INF and .ICM Files ............................................................................................ ........... 17
Installing from the CD .... ............... ............. .............. .............. ............... .......... ........... ........  17
Downloading from the Worldwide Web ................ .............................................................. 17
Using the Auto-Adjustment Function .. .......................................................................................... ...... 18
Front Panel Controls .......................................................................................................... ................  19
Adjusting the Monitor Settings ................................................................................................ ............ 20
Using the On-Screen Display Menu ..................................................................................  20
OSD Menu Selections ....................................................................................... 21
Optimizing Image Performance ......................................................................... 25
Using the HP Display Assi stant Utility ...............................................................................  26
Identifying Monitor Conditions ................................................................................................ ............ 26
ENWW vDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Sleep Timer Mode .............................................................................................................. ................ 27
Appendix A  Troubleshooting ................................................................................................... ....................... 29
Solving Common Problems ....................................................................................................... ......... 29
Online Technical Support ...................................................................................................... ............. 30
Preparing to Call Technical Support ........................................................................................... ........ 30
Appendix B  Technical Specifications .......................................................................................... .................. 31
LA2006x Model ................................................................................................................. ................. 31
LA2206x Model ................................................................................................................. ................. 32
LA2306x Model ................................................................................................................. ................. 33
Recognizing Preset Display Resolu tions ........................................................................................ .... 35
LA2006x Model ................................................................................................................. . 35
LA2206x Model ................................................................................................................. . 35
LA2306x Model ................................................................................................................. . 36
Entering User Modes ........................................................................................................... ............... 37
Energy Saver Feature .......................................................................................................... .............. 37
Appendix C  Agency Regulatory Notices ................ .............. ............ ............ ............. ............ .......... .............. 38
Federal Communications Commission Notice ................................................................................... 38
Modifications ................................................................................................................. ..... 38
Cables ........................................................................................................................ ........ 38
Declaration of Conformity for Products Marked with the FCC Logo (United States Only) ................. 38
Canadian Notice ............................................................................................................... .................. 39
Avis Canadien ................................................................................................................. ................... 39
European Union Regulatory Notice .............................................................................................. ...... 39
German Ergonomics Notice ...................................................................................................... ......... 40
Japanese Notice ............................................................................................................... .................. 40
Korean Notice ................................................................................................................. .................... 40
Power Cord Set Requirements ................................................................................................... ........ 40
Japanese Power Cord Requirements ................................................................................ 40
Product Environmental Notices ................................................................................................. ......... 41
ENERGY STAR® Qualification .......................................................................................... 41Materials Disposal ............................................................................................................ . 41
Disposal of Waste Equipment by Users in Private Household in the European Union ..... 42
HP Recycling Program ...................................................................................................... 42Chemical Substances ........................................................................................................ 42Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) ................................................................... 42
Turkey EEE Regulation ........... .................. .................. .................. ............... ............. ........ 43
vi ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix D  LCD Monitor Quality and Pi xel Policy .............................................................................. ......... 44
ENWW viiDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  viii ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1 Product Features
HP LCD Monitors
The LCD (liquid crystal display) mo nitors have an active matrix, th in-film transistor (TFT) panel. The
monitor models and features include:
● LA2006x model, 50.8 cm (20-inch) diagonal viewable area display with 1600 x 900 resolution,
plus full-screen support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size
while preserving original aspect ratio
● LA2206x model, 54.6 cm (21.5-inch) diagonal viewable area display with 1920 x 1080 resolution,
plus full-screen support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image sizewhile preserving original aspect ratio
● LA2306x model, 58.4 cm (23-inch) diagonal viewable area display with 1920 x 1080 resolution,
plus full-screen support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image sizewhile preserving original aspect ratio
● Non-glare panel with an LED backlight that pr ovides better clarity and consumes less energy
than traditional CCFL backlights
● Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitt ing or standing position, or moving side-to-side
● Tilt capability
● Pivot capability to rotate  display to portrait mode
● Swivel and height ad justment capabilities
● Removable stand for flexible monitor panel mounting solutions
● Video signal input to support VGA analog with VGA signal cable provided
● Video signal input to support DVI digital with DVI-D signal cable provided
● Video signal input to support DisplayPort digital (DisplayPort cable not provided)
● USB 2.0 hub with one upstream port (connects to the computer) and two downstream ports
(connects to USB devices)
● USB cable provided to connect the monitor's USB hub to the USB connector on the computer
● Supports an optional HP speaker bar
● Plug and play capability if supported by the system
● Privacy filter slots to insert filters (purc hased separately) to block side screen viewing
● Security slot provision on rear of monitor for optional cable lock
● Cable management feature for placement of cables and cords
● On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments in several languages for easy setup and screen
optimization
● HP Display Assistant for adjusting monitor settings
● Theft deterrence software
ENWW HP LCD Monitors 1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ● HDCP copy protection on DVI and DisplayPort inputs
● Software and documentation CD that includes  monitor drivers and product documentation
● Energy saver feature to meet requir ements for reduced power consumption
● Energy Star® qualified
● Intelligent M anagement AssetControl
● Compliant with the following  regulated specifications:
◦ European Union CE Directives
◦ Swedish TCO Requirements
2 Chapter 1   Product Features ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2 Safety and Maintenance Guidelines
Important Safety Information
A power cord is included with the monitor. If another cord is used, use only a power source and
connection appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with themonitor, refer to the 
Power Cord Set Requirements on page 40.
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
• Do not disable the power cord gr ounding feature. The grounding plug  is an important safety feature.
• Plug the power cord in a grounded (earthed) outlet that is easily accessible at all times.
• Disconnect power from the product by unpluggi ng the power cord from the electrical outlet.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cord s or cables. Arrange them so that no one may
accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pu ll on a cord or cable. When unplugging from the
electrical outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
To reduce the risk of se rious injury, read the Safety and Comfort Guide . It describes proper
workstation, setup, posture, and health and work habits for computer user s, and provides important
electrical and mechanical safety information. This guide is located on the Web at http://www.hp.com/
ergo and/or on the documentation CD, if one is included with the monitor.
CAUTION:  For the protection of the monitor, as well  as the computer, connect all power cords for
the computer and its peripheral devices (such as a mo nitor, printer, scanner) to some form of surge
protection device such as a power strip or Uninterru ptible Power Supply (UPS ). Not all power strips
provide surge protection; the power strips must be specifically labeled as having this ab ility. Use a
power strip whose manufacturer offers a Damage Replacement Policy so you can replace the
equipment, if surge protection fails.
Use the appropriate and correctly sized furniture de signed to properly supp ort your HP LCD monitor.
WARNING! LCD monitors that are inappropriately situat ed on dressers, bookcases, shelves, desks,
speakers, chests, or carts may fa ll over and cause personal injury.
Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD monitor so that they can not
be pulled, grabbed, or tripped over.
Maintenance Guidelines
To enhance the performance and extend the life of the monitor:
● Do not open the monitor cabinet or attempt to se rvice this product yourse lf. Adjust only those
controls that are covered in the operating instru ctions. If the monitor is not operating properly or
has been dropped or damaged, contact an author ized HP dealer, reseller,  or service provider.
● Use only a power source and connection appropriate for this monitor, as indicated on the label/
back plate of the monitor.
● Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not exceed the
current rating of the electrical ou tlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the
cord does not exceed the rating of the cord. Look on the power label to determine the ampererating (AMPS or A) for each device.
ENWW Important Safety Information 3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ● Install the monitor near an outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by grasping
the plug firmly and pullin g it from the outlet. Never disconne ct the monitor by  pulling the cord.
● Turn the monitor off when not in use. You can su bstantially increase the life expectancy of the
monitor by using a screen saver program and turning off the monitor when not in use.
NOTE: Monitors with a “burned-in image” are not covered under the HP warranty.
● Slots and openings in the cabinet are provid ed for ventilation. These openings must not be
blocked or covered. Never push objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.
● Do not drop the monitor or place it on an unstable surface.
● Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.
● Keep the monitor in a well-ventilated area, aw ay from excessive light, heat or moisture.
● When removing the monitor stand, you must lay the monitor face down on a soft area to prevent
it from getting scratc hed, defaced, or broken.
Cleaning the Monitor
1. Turn off the monitor and unplug the power cord from the back of the unit.
2. Dust the monitor by wiping the screen and the cabinet with a soft, clean antistatic cloth.
3. For more difficult cleaning situations, use a 50/50 mix of water and Isopropyl alcohol.
CAUTION: Spray the cleaner onto a cloth and use the damp cloth to gently wipe the screen
surface. Never spray the cleaner directly on the screen surface. It may run behind the bezel and
damage the electronics.
CAUTION: Do not use cleaners that contain any petr oleum based materials such as benzene,
thinner, or any volatile substance to clean th e monitor screen or cabinet. These chemicals may
damage the monitor.
Shipping the Monitor
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. Y ou may need it later if you move or ship the
monitor.
4 Chapter 2   Safety and Maintenance Guidelines ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3 Setting Up the Monitor
To set up the monitor, ensure that the power is turned off to the monitor, computer system, and other
attached devices, then follow the instructions below.
Unfolding the Monitor Pedestal Base
1. Lift the monitor from its box and place it face down on a flat surface.
2. Hold down the monitor base with one hand (1) then grasp the top of the stand with the other
hand and unfold the display head 90 degrees (2).
CAUTION: Do not touch the surface of the LCD panel. Pressure on the panel may cause non-
uniformity of color or disorientation  of the liquid crystals. If this occu rs the screen will no t recover to its
normal condition.
Figure 3-1   Unfolding the Monitor Pedestal Base
NOTE: When the monitor is unfolded fo r the first time, the display head  is locked from adjusting to a
full-height position. To adjust the display head to full height, press down on the display head to unlockit then pull up on the display head to raise it to the full-height position. Refer to step 3 in 
Adjusting the
Monitor on page 9.
ENWW Unfolding the Moni tor Pedestal Base 5Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Rear Components
Figure 3-2   Rear Components
Component Function
1 AC Power Connector Connects the AC power cord to the monitor.
2 DisplayPort Connects the DisplayPor t cable (not included) to the
monitor.
3 DVI-D Connects the DVI-D cable to the monitor.
4 VGA Connects the VGA cable to the monitor.
5 USB Upstream
ConnectorConnects the USB hub cable to the monitor's USB hub
connector and to a host USB port/hub.
6 USB Downstream
Connectors (2)Connects optional USB devices to the monitor.
6 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the Cables
1. Place the monitor in a convenient, well- ventilated location near the computer.
2. Remove the cable management clip from the pede stal by pulling outward on the two sides of the
clip (1) then lifting the clip off the pedestal (2).
Figure 3-3   Removing the Cable Management Clip
3. Connect a VGA signal cable, DVI-D sig nal cable, or DisplayPort signal cable.
NOTE: The monitor is capable of supporting either  analog or digital input. The video mode is
determined by the video cable used. The monito r will automatically determine which inputs have
valid video signals. The inputs can be selected by pressing the +/source  button on the front
panel or through the On-Screen Display (OSD) feature by pressing the Menu  button.
● For analog operation, use the VGA signal cable provided. Connect the VGA signal cable to
the VGA connector on the rear of the monitor and the other end to the VGA connector onthe computer.
● For DVI digital operation, use the DVI-D sign al cable provided. Connect the DVI-D signal
cable to the DVI connector on the rear of the monitor and the other end to the DVIconnector on the computer.
● For DisplayPort digital operation, use a Displa yPort signal cable (not provided). Connect
the DisplayPort signal cable to the DisplayPort connector on the rear of the monitor and the
other end to the DisplayPort connector on the computer.
4. Connect one end of the provided USB cable to the USB hub connector on the rear panel of the
computer, and the other end to the upstream USB connector on the monitor.
ENWW Connecting the Cables 7Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  5. Connect one end of the power cord to the AC power connector on the back of the monitor, and
the other end to an electrical wall outlet.
Figure 3-4   Connecting the Cables
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
Do not disable the power cord grounding plug. The grounding plug is an important safety
feature.
Plug the power cord into a grounded (earthed) elec trical outlet that is easily accessible at all
times.
Disconnect power from the equipment by unpluggi ng the power cord from the electrical outlet.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one
may accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging from
the electrical outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
6. Secure the cables in place with the cable management clip. Press the clip straight down on the
curved neck of the pedestal ensuri ng that the tabs on the sides of the clip snap into the slots on
the pedestal.
Figure 3-5   Installing the Cable Management Clip
8 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Adjusting the Monitor
NOTE: Your monitor model may look different than  the model in the following illustrations.
1. Tilt the monitor's panel forward or backward to set it to a comfortable eye level.
Figure 3-6   Tilting the Monitor
2. Swivel the monitor to the left or right for the best viewing angle.
Figure 3-7   Swiveling the Monitor
ENWW Adjusting the Monitor 9Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3. Adjust the monitor’s height to a comfortable position for your individual workstation. The
monitor’s top bezel edge should not exceed a height that is parallel to your eye height. A monitorthat is positioned low and reclined may be more  comfortable for users with corrective lenses.
The monitor should be repositioned as you adjust your working posture throughout the work day.
NOTE: When the monitor is unfolded for the first time, the display head is locked from
adjusting to a full-height position. To adjust the display head to full height, press down on thedisplay head to unlock it then pull up on the display head to raise it to the full-height position.
Figure 3-8   Adjusting the Height
4. Pivot the monitor from landscape to portrait orie ntation viewing to adapt to your application.
a. Adjust the monitor to full height position and tilt the monitor back to full tilt position (1).
b. Pivot the monitor clockwise 90° from landscape to portrait orientation (2).
CAUTION: If the monitor is not in full height and full tilt position when pivoting, the bottom
right corner of th e monitor panel will come in contact with the base and potentially cause
damage to the monitor.
If you are adding an optional speaker bar to the monitor, install it after pivoting the monitor.
The speaker bar will come  in contact with t he base when pivoting and potentially cause
damage to the monitor or speaker bar.
Figure 3-9   Pivoting the Monitor
10 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: To view information on the screen in portrait mode, you can install the HP Display
Assistant software included on  the software and documentation CD. The position of the OSD
menu can also be rotated to portrait mode. To rotate the OSD menu, access the OSD menu bypressing the Menu  button on the front panel, select OSD Control  from the menu, then select
Rotate OSD .
Turning on the Monitor
1. Press the power button on the computer to turn it on.
2. Press the power button on the front of the monitor to turn it on.
CAUTION: Burn-in image damage may occur on monitors that display the same static image on
screen for a prolonged period of time.* To avoid burn-in image damage on the monitor screen, youshould always activate a screen saver application or turn off the monitor when it is not in use for aprolonged period of time. Image retention is a condition that may occur on all LCD screens. Monitorswith a “burned-in image” are not covered under the HP warranty.
* A prolonged period of time is 12 consecutive hours of non-use.
NOTE: If pressing the power button has no effect, the Power Button Lockout feature may be
enabled. To disable this feature, press and hold the monitor power button for 10 seconds.
NOTE: You can disable the power LED in the OSD menu. Press the Menu  button on the front of the
monitor, then select Management  > Bezel Power LED  > Off.
When the monitor is powered on, a Monitor Status  message is displayed for five seconds. The
message shows which input (DisplayPort, DVI, or VGA) is the current active signal, the status of the
auto-switch source setting (On or Off; factory default is On), the default source signal (factory defaultis DisplayPort), the current preset display resolution, and the recommended preset display resolution.
The monitor automatically scans the signal inputs for an active input and uses that input for the
display. If two or more inputs are ac tive, the monitor will display the de fault input source. If the default
source is not one of the active inputs, then the monitor will display the highest ranking priority input in
the following order: Displa yPort, DVI, then VGA. You can change the default source in the OSD by
pressing the front panel Menu  button and selecting Source Control  > Default Source .
ENWW Turning on the Monitor 11Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting USB Devices
USB connectors are used to connect devices su ch as a digital camera , USB keyboard, or USB
mouse. Two USB connectors are located on the side panel of the monitor.
NOTE: You must connect the USB hub cable from the monitor to the computer to enable the USB
2.0 ports on the monitor. Refer to Step 4 in Connecting the Cables on page 7.
Figure 3-10   Connecting USB Devices
12 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Removing the Monitor Pedestal Base
You can remove the monitor panel from the pedestal base to install the panel on a wall, a swing arm,
or other mounting fixture.
CAUTION: Before beginning to disassemble the monitor, be sure the monitor is turned off and the
power and signal cables are both disconnected. Also disconnect all USB cables connected to themonitor.
1. Disconnect and remove the signal, power, and USB cables from the monitor.
2. Lay the monitor face down on a flat surface covered by a clean, dry cloth.
3. Pivot the base 45 degrees clockwise and remove the screw from the back of the monitor, then
pivot the base 45 degrees counter-clockwise and remove the other screw from the back of themonitor.
Figure 3-11   Removing the Pedestal Base Screws
4. Rotate the base of the monitor up (1) then pull it back (2) to unhinge the tabs on the monitor
stand from the slots in the monitor.
Figure 3-12   Removing the Pedestal Base
ENWW Removing the Monitor Pedestal Base 13Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Mounting the Monitor
The monitor panel can be attached to a wall, swing arm, or other mounting fixture.
NOTE: This apparatus is intended to be supporte d by UL or CSA Listed wall mount bracket.
1. Remove the monitor panel from the pedestal base. Refer to Removing the Monitor Pedestal
Base on page 13.
CAUTION: This monitor supports the VESA industry standard 100 mm mounting holes. To
attach a third-party mounting solution to the monitor, four 4 mm, 0.7 pitch, and 10 mm long
screws are required. Lon ger screws must not be used because they may damage the monitor. It
is important to verify that the manufacturer ’s mounting solution is compliant with the VESA
standard and is rated to support the weight of the monitor display panel. For best performance, it
is important to use the power and video cables provided with the monitor.
2. To attach the monitor to  a swing arm, insert four 10mm screws through the holes on the swing
arm plate and into the mounting holes on the monitor.
Figure 3-13   Mounting the Monitor
To attach the monitor to other mounting fixtur es, follow the instructions included with the
mounting fixture to ensure that the monitor is sa fely attached.
3. Reconnect the cables to the monitor panel.
14 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Locating the Rating Labels
The rating labels on the monitor provide the spare part number, product number, and serial number.
You may need these numbers when contacting HP a bout the monitor model. The rating labels are
located on the rear panel of the monitor display head.
Figure 3-14   Locating the Rating Labels
Installing a Cable Lock
You can secure the monitor to a fixed object with an optional cable lock available from HP.
Figure 3-15   Installing a Cable Lock
ENWW Locating the Rating Labels 15Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4 Operating the Monitor
Software and Utilities
The CD that comes with the monitor contains files you can install on the computer:
● an .INF (Information) file
● an .ICM (Image Color Matching) file
● auto-adjustment pattern utility
● additional software for the monitor model
NOTE: If the monitor does not include a CD, the .INF and .ICM files can be downloaded from the
HP monitors support Web site. See Downloading from the Worldwide Web on page 17 in this
chapter.
The Information File
The .INF file defines monitor resources used by Microsoft Windows operating systems to ensure
monitor compatibility with the computer’s  graphics adapter.
This monitor is Microsoft Windows Plug and Play compatible and the monitor will work correctly
without installing the .INF file. Monitor Plug and Play compatibilit y requires that the computer’s
graphic card is VESA DDC2–compliant and that the monitor connects directly  to the graphics card.
Plug and Play does not work through separate BNC type connectors or through distribution buffers/boxes.
The Image Color Matching File
The .ICM files are data files that are used in conjunction with graphics programs to provide consistentcolor matching from monitor screen to printer, or from  scanner to monitor screen. This file is activated
from within graphics programs that support this feature.
NOTE: The ICM color profile is written in accordance with the International Color Consortium (ICC)
Profile Format specification.
16 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Installing the .INF and .ICM Files
After you determine that you need to update, you ca n install the .INF and .ICM files from the CD or
download them.
Installing from the CD
To install the .INF and .ICM files on the computer from the CD:
1. Insert the CD in the computer CD-ROM  drive. The CD menu is displayed.
2. View the Monitor Driver Software Readme  file.
3. Select Install Monitor Driver Software .
4. Follow the on-screen instructions.
5. Ensure that the proper resolution and refresh ra tes appear in the Windows Display control panel.
NOTE: You may need to install the digitally signed monitor .INF and .ICM files manually from the
CD in the event of an installation error. Refer to the Monitor Driver Software Readme file on the CD.
Downloading from the Worldwide Web
To download the latest version of .INF and .ICM  files from the HP monitors support Web site:
1. Refer to http://www.hp.com/ support  and select the country region.
2. Follow the links for the monitor to the support page and download page.
3. Ensure the system meets the requirements.
4. Download the software by following the instructions.
ENWW Installing the .INF  and .ICM Files 17Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using the Auto-Adjustment Function
You can optimize the screen performance for the VGA (analog) input by using the OK/auto  button on
the monitor and the auto-adjustment patte rn software utility on the CD provided.
Do not use this procedure if the monitor is using a DVI or DisplayPort input. If the monitor is using a
VGA (analog) input, this procedure can correct the following image quality conditions:
● Fuzzy or unclear focus
● Ghosting, streaking or shadowing effects
● Faint vertical bars
● Thin, horizontal  scrolling lines
● An off-center picture
To use the auto-adjustment feature:1. Allow the monitor to warm up for 20 minutes before adjusting.
2. Press the OK/auto  button on the monitor front panel.
● You can also press the Menu  button, then select Image Control > Auto-Adjustment  from
the OSD Main Me nu. Refer to 
Adjusting the Monitor Settings on page 20 in this chapter.
● If the result is not satisfacto ry, continue with the procedure.
3. Insert the CD in the disc driv e. The CD menu is displayed.
4. Select Open Auto-Adjus tment Software . The setup test pattern is displayed.
5. Press the OK/auto  button on the monitor front panel to produce a stable, centered image.
6. Press the ESC key or any other key on the keyboard to exit the test pattern.
18 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Front Panel Controls
Figure 4-1   Monitor Front Panel Controls
Table 4-1   Monitor Front Panel Controls
Control Function
1
 Menu Opens, selects or exits the OSD menu.
2
 Minus If the OSD menu is on, press to navigate backward through
the OSD menu and decrease adjustment levels.
3
 Plus/source If the OSD menu is on, press to navigate forward through
the OSD menu and increase adjustment levels.
If the OSD menu is inactive, press to activate the source
button that chooses the video signal input (VGA, DVI, or
DisplayPort)
4
 OK/auto If the OSD menu is on, press to select the highlighted
menu item.
If the OSD menu is inactive, press to activate the auto
adjustment feature to optimize the screen image.
5
 Power Turns the monitor on or off.
6  Power LED Blue = Fully powered.
Amber = Sleep mode.Flashing Amber = Sleep Timer mode.
ENWW Front Panel Controls 19Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Adjusting the Monitor Settings
The monitor settings can be adjusted from th e On-Screen Display (OSD) menu or from the HP
Display Assistant utility.
NOTE: If there is a problem with the display settings, try resetting the settings to the factory defaults
by opening the OSD and selecting Factory Reset  from the OSD menu.
Using the On-Screen Display Menu
Use the On-Screen Display (OSD) to adjust the screen image based on your viewing preferences. To
access the OSD, do the following:
1. If the monitor is not already on, press the Power  button to turn on the monitor.
2. To access the OSD Menu, press the Menu  button on the monitor’s front panel.
3. To navigate through the OSD Menu, press the + (Plus) button on the monitor’s front panel to
scroll up, or the – (Minus) button to scroll in reverse.
4. To select an item from the OSD Menu, use the + or – buttons to scroll to and highlight your
selection, then press the OK button to select that function.
5. Adjust the item using the + or – buttons on the front panel to adjust the scale.
6. After adjusting the function, select Save and Return , or Cancel  if you don’t want to save the
setting, then select Exit from the Main Menu.
NOTE: If the buttons remain untouched for 10 seconds while displaying a menu, the OSD
automatically saves all changes and exits.
20 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  OSD Menu Selections
The following table lists the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu selections and their functional
descriptions. After changing an OSD menu item, and if the menu screen has these options, you maychoose to:
● Cancel —to return to the previous menu level.
● Save and Return —to save all changes and return to the OSD Main Menu screen. This Save
and Return option is only active if you change a menu item.
Table 4-2   OSD Menu
Icon Main Menu Submenu Description
Brightness Adjustable scale A djusts the brightness level of the screen. The
factory default range is 90.
Contrast Adjustable scale Adjusts the contrast level of the screen. The factory
default range is 80.
Color Selects the screen color. The factory default is
6500K or Custom Color, depending on the model.
  Warm (5000K) Changes color to slightly reddish white.
Standard (6500K) Uses standard colors (default).
Cool (9300K) Changes color to slightly blueish white.Custom (RGB) Selects and adjusts your own color scales:
● Red Color - sets your own red color levels
● Green Color - sets your own green color levels
● Blue Color - sets your own blue color levels
Image Control Adjusts the screen image. (VGA input only)
Auto Adjustment Automatica lly adjusts the screen image.
Clock Minimizes any vertical ba rs or strips visible on the
screen background. Adjusting the Clock will also
change the horizontal screen image.
Clock Phase Adjusts the focus of the display. This adjustment
allows you to remove any horizontal noise and clear
or sharpen the image of characters.
Horizontal Position Adjusts the po sition of the screen image left and
right.
Vertical Position Adjusts the position of the screen image up and
down.
Custom Scaling Selects the method on how displayed information on
the monitor will be formatted. Select:
● Fill to Screen - image fills the entire screen and
may look distorted or elongated because of
non-proportional scaling of height and width.
● Fill to Aspect Ratio - image is sized to fit the
screen and maintains proportional image.
ENWW Adjusting the Monitor Settings 21Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table 4-2   OSD Menu (continued)
Icon Main Menu Submenu Description
Sharpness Adjusts the screen image to look sharper or soft.
 Dynamic Contrast
RatioTurns Dynamic Contrast Ratio On or Off. The factory
default is Off.
OSD Control Provides a menu for adjusting the on-screen display
(OSD) controls.
Horizontal OSDPositionChanges the viewing position of the OSD menu to
the left or right area of the screen. The factory default
range is 50.
Vertical OSD Position Changes the viewing position of the OSD menu to
the top or bottom area of the screen. The factory
default range is 50.
OSD Transparency Adjust to view th e background information through
the OSD.
OSD Timeout Sets the time duration in seconds that the OSD is
visible after the last button is pressed. The range is 5
– 60 seconds. The factory default is 30 seconds.
 Rotate OSD Rotates the OSD menus and messages to support
the monitor's pivot feature. The choices are
Landscape and Portrait.
Management Selects the OSD and power management features of
the monitor.
Power Saver Enables the power saving feature. Select:
● On
● Off
The factory default is On.
Power On Recall Restores power to the monitor following an
unexpected removal of power. Select:
● On
● Off
The factory default is On.
Mode Display Displays the resolution, refresh rate and frequency
information on the screen each time the OSD Main
Menu is accessed. Select:
● On
● Off
The factory default is On.
22 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table 4-2   OSD Menu (continued)
Icon Main Menu Submenu Description
Monitor Status Displays the operating status of the monitor each
time the monitor is powered on. Select the location to
display the status to:
● Top
● Middle
● Bottom
● Off
The factory default is Top.
DDC/CI Support Allows the computer to control some OSD menu
features such as brightness, contrast and color
temperature. Set to:
● On
● Off
The factory default is On.
 Bezel Power LED Turns off the power LED on the front panel of the
monitor. The factory default is On.
Sleep Timer Provides the time r adjustment menu options:
● Set Current Time—sets the current time in
hours and minutes
● Set Sleep Time—sets the time you want to
place the monitor in sleep mode
● Set on Time—sets the time you want the
monitor to wake up from sleep mode
● Timer—sets the Sleep Timer feature On or Off.
The default setting is Off.
● Sleep Now—immediately sets the monitor to
enter sleep mode
Language Selects the language in which the OSD menu is
displayed. The factory default is English.
Information Selects and displays important information about the
monitor.
Current Settings Provides the current input video mode.
Recommended
SettingsProvides the recommended resolution mode and
refresh rate for the monitor.
Serial Number Reports the serial number of the monitor. The serial
number is needed if contacting HP technical support.
FW Version Reports the firmware version of the monitor.
Backlight Hours Reports the tota l hours of backlight operation.
  Service Support http://www.hp.com/ support
Factory Reset Returns all OSD menu settings and DDC/CI controls
to the factory default settings, except the Language.
ENWW Adjusting the Monitor Settings 23Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table 4-2   OSD Menu (continued)
Icon Main Menu Submenu Description
Source Control  Selects the video input signal. DP (DisplayPort) is
the factory default.
  DisplayPort Selects DisplayP ort as the video input signal.
  DVI Selects DVI as the video input signal.  VGA Selects VGA as the video input signal.
 Default Source Selects the def ault or primary video input signal
when the monitor is connected to two active and
valid video sources. The monitor will automaticallydetermine the video format. The choices are:
● DisplayPort
● DVI
● VGA
The factory default is DisplayPort.
 Auto-Switch Source Turns the system 's automatic video signal input to
On or Off. The factory default is On.
 Source Detection This option is displayed in the OSD when a
DisplayPort input is selected. You can set Source
Detection to:
● Always Active
● Low Power
The factory default is Low Power.
Exit Exits the OSD menu screen.
24 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Optimizing Image Performance
Two controls in the on-screen display can be adj usted to improve image performance: Clock and
Clock Phase.
NOTE: The Clock and Clock Phase controls are adjustable only when using an analog input. These
controls are not adjustable for digital inputs.
The Clock must first be set correctly since the Clock Phase settings are dependent on the main Clock
setting. Use these controls only when the auto-a djustment function does not provide a satisfactory
image.
● Clock —Increases/decreases the value to minimize any vertical bars or stripes visible on the
screen background.
● Clock Phase —Increases/decreases the value to mini mize video flickering or blurring.
NOTE: When using the controls, you will obtain the best results by using the auto-adjustment
pattern software utility provided on the CD.
When adjusting the Clock and Clock Phase values, if  the monitor images become distorted, continue
adjusting the values until the distortion disapp ears. To restore the factory settings, select Yes from
the Factory Reset  menu in the on-screen display.
To eliminate vertic al bars (Clock):
1. Press the Menu  button on the monitor's front panel to open the OSD Menu, and then select
Image Control  > Clock .
2. Press the + (Plus) or – (Minus) buttons on the monitor's front panel to eliminate vertical bars.
Press the buttons slowly so that you do not miss the optimum adjustment point.
Figure 4-2   Clock Adjustment
3. After adjusting the Clock, if blurring, flickering, or bars appear on the screen, proceed to adjust
the Clock Phase.
To remove flickering or blurring (Clock Phase):
1. Press the Menu  button on the monitor's front panel to open the OSD Menu, and then select
Image Control  > Clock Phase .
2. Press the + (Plus) or – (Minus) buttons on the monitor's front panel to eliminate flickering or
blurring. Flicking or blurring may not be elimi nated depending on your computer or graphics
controller card installed.
Figure 4-3   Clock Phase Adjustment
ENWW Adjusting the Monitor Settings 25Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  To correct screen position (Horizonta l Position or Vertical Position):
1. Press the Menu  button on the monitor's front panel to open the OSD Menu, and then select
Image Control  > Horizontal Position  and/or Vertical Position .
2. Press the + (Plus) or – (Minus) buttons on the monitor's front panel to properly adjust the
position of the image in the display area of the monitor. The Horizontal Position shifts the image
left or right; the Vertical Positi on shifts the image up and down.
Figure 4-4   Horizontal or Vertical Position Adjustment
Using the HP Displ ay Assistant Utility
HP Display Assistant, included on the software and documentation CD, is  a software utility that
guides you through the tuning process with easy to understand instructions and background patterns
designed for each monitor control. It provides:
● Accurate screen calibration through the use of step-by-step instructio n Wizards to obtain the
best overall image quality.
● Software control of the monitor image and color settings to eliminate dependence on the
monitor’s front panel buttons and On-Screen Display (OSD) menu.
● Defined preset display settings for each indi vidual user in a multi-user environment.
● Multiple preset display settings for a sing le user based on content and ambient lighting.
● Asset Management and Power Management capabilities that include remote control for
individual or a group of displays on the domain from a centralized console application.
The HP Display Assistant Utility has two modes of  operation: Wizard and OSD mode. The preferred
method of use is Wizard mode, which takes yo u through a step-by-step process to accurately
calibrate the monitor. This method relies on a se quence of steps that will obtain the best display
results when completed.
NOTE: Refer to the HP Display Assistant user guide for additional information about the software.
Identifying Monitor Conditions
Special messages will appear on the monitor scr een when identif ying the following monitor
conditions:
● Monitor Status —When the monitor is powered on or when  the input source signal is changed, a
Monitor Status message is displayed for five seconds. The message shows which input is thecurrent active signal, the status of the auto-swi tch source setting (On or Off), the default source
signal, the current preset display resolution, and the recommended preset display resolution.
● Input Signal Out of Range—Change resolution setting to 1600 x 900 – 60Hz —Indicates the
monitor does not support the input signal becaus e the resolution and/or refresh rate are set
higher than the monitor supports (model LA2006x).
● Input Signal Out of Range—Change resolution setting to 1920 x 1080 – 60Hz —Indicates
the monitor does not support the input signal because the resolution and/or refresh rate are set
higher than the monitor supports (models LA2206x and LA2306x).
26 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ● No Source Signal —Indicates the monitor is not receiving a video signal from the PC on the
monitor video input connector. Check to determine if the PC or input signal source is off or in the
power saving mode.
● Auto Adjustment in Progress —Indicates the auto-adjustment function is active.
● Monitor Going to Sleep —Indicates the screen display is entering a sleep mode.
● Check Video Cable —Indicates the video cable is not pr operly connected to the computer.
● OSD Lockout —The OSD can be enabled or disabled by pressing and holding the Menu  button
on the front panel for 10 seconds. If the OSD is locked, the warning message OSD Lockout
displays for ten seconds.
◦ If the OSD is locked, press and hold the Menu  button for 10 seconds to unlock the OSD.
◦ If the OSD is unlocked, press and hold the Menu  button for 10 seconds to lock the OSD.
● Power Button Lockout —Indicates the power button is locked. If the power button is locked, the
warning message Power Button Lockout  displays.
◦ If the power button is locked, press and hold the power button for 10 seconds to unlock the
power button function.
◦ If the power button is unlocked, press and hold the power button for 10 seconds to lock out
the power button function.
● Dynamic Contrast Ratio On —Indicates that Dynamic Contrast Ratio has been turned on. This
occurs if Dynamic Contrast Ratio is turned on in the Image Control  OSD menu.
● Dynamic Contrast Ratio Off —Indicates that Dynamic Contrast  Ratio has been turned off. This
occurs if Dynamic Contrast Ratio is turned off in the Image Control  OSD menu.
● Theft Mode Enabled —Indicates that theft deterrence mode has been activated. Theft
deterrence is an optional feature that can be set up in HP Display Assistant. Theft deterrence
mode is triggered if both the power and display cables have been disconnected from themonitor, the monitor is reconnected to a differ ent computer, and the theft deterrence PIN number
is not entered within the elapsed time. When the monitor is in theft deterrence mode, all frontpanel buttons are disabled other than the power button.
Sleep Timer Mode
The Sleep Timer mode is an energy-saving feature that enables you to set a time for the monitor topower on and off at the same time every day. This also extends the life of the backlight bulbs in the
monitor. The Sleep Timer has five settings:
● Set Current Time
● Set Sleep Time
● Set On Time
● Timer: On/Off
● Sleep Now
To set the timer:1. Press the Menu  button on the monitor front panel to display the OSD Menu .
2. Scroll down and highlight Management .
3. Press the OK button to select Management .
ENWW Sleep Timer Mode 27Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4. Scroll down and highlight and select Sleep Timer > Set Current Time .
NOTE: You must set the current local time  before you reset the time for Sleep Time  or On
Time . Note that the time is displayed in a 24–hour clock format. For example, 1:15 p.m. is
displayed as 13 hours 15 minutes.
A power failure or loss of power to the monitor will cause the timer to reset to 00:00. If this
occurs, you will need to reset the sleep timer mode.
5. Press the OK button once to enter the adjustment mode for hours.
6. Press the - (Minus) or + (Plus) button to adjust the hour.
7. Press the OK button again to enter the time for minutes.
8. Press the - (Minus) or + (Plus) button to adjust the minutes.
9. Press the OK button to lock in  the time chosen.
10. After setting the current time, the highlight automatically skips to Set Sleep Time . Repeat steps
6 through 9 to set Sleep Time .
11. If you do not want to set Sleep Time , press the OK button twice, then select Save and Return
to exit the menu.
12. After setting Sleep Time , the highlight automatically skips to Set On Time . Repeat steps 6
through 9 to set On Time .
13. Set the Timer mode  to On to activate the Sleep Timer  settings.
14. When you are finished, select Save and Return  to exit the menu.
The fifth selection, Sleep Now , turns the monitor backlights off immediately and stays in sleep mode
until the next On Time  activates or a monito r button is pressed.
28 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  A Troubleshooting
Solving Common Problems
The following table lists possible problems, the possible cause of each problem, and the
recommended solutions.
Problem Possible Cause Solution
Screen is blank. Power cord is disconnected. Connect the power cord.
Power button on front panel of
the monitor is turned off.Press the front panel power button.
NOTE: If pressing the power button has no
effect, press and hold the power button for 10seconds to disable the power button lockout
feature.
Video cable is improperly
connected.Connect the video cable properly. Refer to 
Setting
Up the Monitor on page 5 for more information.
Screen blanking is active. Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse
to inactivate the screen blanking utility.
Screen image appears distorted; text
is fuzzy or blurred; image quality is
degraded.The computer’s graphics card
resolution is set lower or
higher than the monitor’snative resolution.Set the computer’s display resolution to the same
mode as the monitor’s recommended native
screen resolution to provide the best picturequality.
Image appears blurred, indistinct, or
too dark.Brightness and contrast are
too low.Press the OK/auto  button on the front panel. If this
does not correct the image, press the Menu  button
to open the OSD Menu, and adjust the brightnessand contrast scales as needed.
Image is not centered Position may need
adjustment.Press the Menu  button to access the OSD menu.
Select Image Control/Horizontal Position  or
Vertical Position  to adjust the horizontal or vertical
position of the image.
Check Video Cable  is displayed on
screen.Monitor video cable is
disconnected.Connect the appropriate video cable (DisplayPort,
DVI, or VGA) between the computer and monitor.
Be sure that the computer power is off whileconnecting the video cable.
Input Signal Out of Range. Change
Settings to 1600 x 900 @ 60Hz
(LA2006x model) OR Input Signal
Out of Range. Change Settings to1920 x 1080 @ 60Hz  (LA2206x and
LA2306x models).Video resolution and/or
refresh rate are set higher
than what the monitorsupports.Restart the computer and enter Safe Mode.
Change the settings to a supported setting (see
Recognizing Preset Display Resolutions
on page 35). Restart the computer so that the
new settings take effect.
The monitor is off but it did not seem
to enter into a low-power sleep mode.The monitor's power saving
control is disabled.In the monitor's OSD menu, select Management  >
Power Saver . The control should be set to On to
allow the monitor to enter into low-power modes.
OSD Lockout  is displayed. The monitor's OSD Lockout
function is enabled.Press and hold the Menu  button for 10 seconds to
disable the OSD Lockout function.
Power Button Lockout  is displayed. The monitor's Power Button
Lockout function is enabled.Press and hold the Power  button for 10 seconds to
unlock the power button function.
ENWW Solving Common Problems 29Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Online Technical Support
For the online access to technical support information, self-solve tools, online assistance, community
forums of IT experts, broad multivendor knowledg e base, monitoring and diagnostic tools, go to
http://www.hp.com/ support .
Preparing to Call Technical Support
If you cannot solve a problem usin g the troubleshooting tips in this section, you may need to call
technical support. Have the following information available when you call:
● Monitor model number
● Monitor serial number
● Purchase date on invoice
● Conditions under which the problem occurred
● Error messages received
● Hardware configuration
● Name and version of the hardware and software you are using
30 Appendix A   Troubleshooting ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  B Technical Specifications
NOTE: All specifications represent the typical sp ecifications provided  by HP's component
manufacturers; actual performance may vary either higher or lower.
LA2006x Model
Table B-1   LA2006x Specifications
Display
Type50.8 cm wide screen
TFT LCD20 inches wide screen
Viewable Image Size 50.8 cm diagonal 20–inch diagonal
Tilt -5 to 30°
Swivel -180 to 180°
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 5.48 kg 12.1 lbsDimensions (include base)
Height (highest position)
Height (lowest position)
Depth
Width41.8 cm
31.63 cm21.63 cm
48.36 cm16.46 inches
12.45 inches8.52 inches
19.04 inches
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1600 x 900 (60 Hz) analog input
1600 x 900 (60 Hz) digital input
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1600 x 900 (60 Hz) analog input
1600 x 900 (60 Hz) digital input 
Text Mode 720 × 400
Dot Pitch 0.2768 (H) × 0.2768 (W) mm
Pixels Per Inch 91.8 PPI  Horizontal Frequency 24 to 83 kHz
Vertical Refresh Rate 50 to 76 Hz
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5 to 35° C
-20 to 60° C41 to 95° F
-4 to 140° F
Relative Humidity 20 to 80%  
Power Source 100 – 240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
ENWW LA2006x Model 31Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-1   LA2006x Specifications (continued)
Altitude:
Operating
Storage0 to 5000 m
0 to 12192 m0 to 16,400 feet
0 to 40,000 feet
Measured Power Consumption:
Full Power
Typical Settings
Energy Star® Test Methods
Sleep
Switch Off34.0 watts
29.0 watts24.5 watts0.5 watts0.5 watts 
Input Terminal One VGA con nector with cable included;
one DVI connector with cable included;
one DisplayPort connector (cable notincluded) 
LA2206x Model
Table B-2   LA2206x Specifications
Display
Type54.61 cm wide screen
TFT LCD21.5 inches wide screen
Viewable Image Size 54.61 cm diagonal 22–inch diagonal
Tilt -5 to 30°
Swivel -180 to 180°Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 6.0 kg 13.24 lbs
Dimensions (include base)
Height (highest position)Height (lowest position)
Depth
Width43.87 cm
33.35 cm22.72 cm
51.8 cm17.27 inches
13.13 inches8.94 inches
20.39 inches
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1 920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input 
Text Mode 720 x 400
Dot Pitch 0.248 (H) x 0.248 (W) mmPixels Per Inch 102 PPI  
Horizontal Frequency 24 to 94 kHz
Vertical Refresh Rate 50 to 76 Hz
32 Appendix B   Technical Specifications ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-2   LA2206x Specifications (continued)
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5 to 35° C
-20 to 60° C41 to 95° F
-4 to 140° F
Relative Humidity 20 to 80%  
Power Source 100 – 240 VAC 50/60 Hz  Altitude:
Operating
Storage0 to 5000 m
0 to 12192 m0 to 16,400 feet
0 to 40,000 feet
Measured Power Consumption:
Full Power
Typical Settings
Energy Star® Test Methods
Sleep
Switch Off38 watts
33 watts25 watts
0.5 watts
0.5 watts 
Input Terminal One VGA connector with cable included;
one DVI connector with cable included;one DisplayPort connector (cable not
included) 
LA2306x Model
Table B-3   LA2306x Specifications
Display
Type58.42 cm wide screen
TFT LCD23 inches wide screen
Viewable Image Size 58.42 cm diagonal 23–inch diagonal
Tilt -5 to 30°Swivel -180 to 180°
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 6.8 kg 15.0 lbs
Dimensions (include base)
Height (highest position)Height (lowest position)
Depth
Width46.62 cm
35.11 cm
24.95 cm
55.15 cm18.37 inches
13.83 inches
9.83 inches
21.73 inches
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1 920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input 
ENWW LA2306x Model 33Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-3   LA2306x Specifications (continued)
Text Mode 720 × 400
Dot Pitch 0.265 (H) x 0.265 (W) mm
Pixels Per Inch 95.8 PPI  
Horizontal Frequency 24 to 94 kHzVertical Refresh Rate 50 to 76 Hz
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5 to 35° C
-20 to 60° C41 to 95° F
-4 to 140° F
Relative Humidity 20 to 80%  
Power Source 100 – 240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Altitude:
Operating
Storage0 to 5000 m
0 to 12192 m0 to 16,400 feet
0 to 40,000 feet
Measured Power Consumption:
Full Power
Typical Settings
Energy Star® Test Methods
Sleep
Switch Off40 watts
35 watts33.1 watts0.5 watts0.5 watts 
Input Terminal One VGA connector with cable included;
one DVI connector with cable included;
one DisplayPort connector (cable notincluded) 
34 Appendix B   Technical Specifications ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Recognizing Preset Display Resolutions
The display resolutions listed below are the most  commonly used modes and are set as factory
defaults. This monitor automatica lly recognizes these preset mode s and they will appear properly
sized and centered on the screen.
LA2006x Model
Table B-4   Factory Preset Modes
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.94
2 720 × 400 31.469 70.0873 800 × 600 37.879 60.317
4 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45.0 60.06 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.02
7 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
8 1600 × 900 60.0 60.0
Table B-5   High Definition Video Formats
Preset Timing Name Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 480p 720 × 480 31.469 60
2 576p 720 × 576 31.25 50
3 720p50 1280 × 720 37.5 504 720p60 1280 × 720 45 60
LA2206x Model
Table B-6   Factory Preset Modes
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.940
2 720 × 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.3174 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45.00 59.94
6 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.027 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
ENWW Recognizing Preset Display Resolutions 35Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-6   Factory Preset Modes (continued)
8 1680 × 1050 65.29 59.954
9 1920 × 1080 67.50 60.00
Table B-7   High Definition Video Formats
Preset Timing Name Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 480p 720 × 480 31.469 602 576p 720 × 576 31.25 50
3 720p50 1280 × 720 37.5 50
4 720p60 1280 × 720 45 605 1080p50 1920 × 1080 56.25 50
6 1080p60 1920 × 1080 67.5 60
LA2306x Model
Table B-8   Factory Preset Modes
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.940
2 720 × 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.3174 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45.00 60.00
6 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.027 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
8 1680 × 1050 65.29 59.954
9 1920 × 1080 67.5 60.00
Table B-9   High Definition Video Formats
Preset Timing Name Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 480p 720 × 480 31.469 60
2 576p 720 × 576 31.25 503 720p50 1280 × 720 37.5 50
4 720p60 1280 × 720 45 60
5 1080p50 1920 × 1080 56.25 506 1080p60 1920 × 1080 67.5 60
36 Appendix B   Technical Specifications ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Entering User Modes
The video controller signal may occasionally call for a mode that is not preset if:
● You are not using a standard graphics adapter.
● You are not using a preset mode.
It this occurs, you may need to re adjust the parameters of the mo nitor screen by using the on-screen
display. Your changes can be made to any or all of these modes and saved in memory. The monitorautomatically stores the new setting, then recognize s the new mode just as it  does a preset mode. In
addition to the factory preset modes, there are at least 10 user modes that can be entered and
stored.
Energy Saver Feature
The monitors suppor t a reduced power state. Th e reduced power state will be entered into if the
monitor detects the absence of either the horizonta l sync signal and/or the vertical sync signal. Upon
detecting the absence of these signals, the monitor sc reen is blanked, the backlight is turned off, and
the power light is turned amber. When the monitor is in the reduced power state, the monitor willutilize .5 watts of power. There is a brief warm up  period before the monito r will return to its normal
operating mode.
Refer to the computer manual for instructions on  setting energy saver features (sometimes called
power management features).
NOTE: The above power saver feature only works when  connected to computers that have energy
saver features.
By selecting the sett ings in the monitor's Ener gy Saver utility, you can al so program the monitor to
enter into the reduced power state at a predetermined time. When the monitor's Energy Saver utilitycauses the monitor to enter the reduced power state, the power light blinks amber.
ENWW Entering User Modes 37Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  C Agency Regulatory Notices
Federal Communications Commission Notice
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These lim its are designed to provide reasonable protection
against harmful interference in a residential inst allation. This equipment generates, uses, and can
radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may
cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interferencewill not occur in a particular insta llation. If this equipment does caus e harmful interference to radio or
television reception, which can be determined by  turning the equipment off and on, the user is
encouraged to try to correct the interference  by one or more of the following measures:
● Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
● Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
● Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is
connected.
● Consult the dealer or an experienced ra dio or television technician for help.
Modifications
The FCC requires the user to be notified that any changes or modifications ma de to this device that
are not expressly approved by Hewlett Packard Compan y may void the user's authority to operate the
equipment.
Cables
Connections to this device must be  made with shielded cables with  metallic RFI/EMI connector hoods
to maintain compliance with FCC Rules and Regulations.
Declaration of Conformity fo r Products Marked with the
FCC Logo (United States Only)
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two
conditions:
1. This device may not cause harmful interference.
2. This device must accept any interference rece ived, including interference that may cause
undesired operation.
For questions regarding the product, contact:Hewlett Packard Company
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113
Houston, Texas 77269-2000Or, call 1-800-HP-INVENT (1-800 474-6836)
38 Appendix C   Agency Regulatory Notices ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  For questions regarding this FCC declaration, contact:
Hewlett Packard Company
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 510101
Houston, Texas 77269-2000Or, call (281) 514-3333To identify this product, refer to the Part, Series, or Model number found on the product.
Canadian Notice
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements of the Canadian Interference-Causing
Equipment Regulations.
Avis Canadien
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B respecte to utes les exigences du Règlement sur le matériel
brouilleur du Canada.
European Union Regulatory Notice
Products bearing the CE marking comply  with the following EU Directives:
● Low Voltage Directive 2006/95/EC
● EMC Directive 2004/108/EC
● Ecodesign Directive 2009/125/EC, where applicable
CE compliance of this product is valid if powered with the correct CE-marked AC adapter provided by
HP.
Compliance with these directives implies confor mity to applicable harmonized European standards
(European Norms) that are listed in the EU Declaration of Conformity issued by HP for this product or
product family and available (in English only) eith er within the product documentation or at the
following web site: http://www.hp.eu/ certificates  (type the product number in the search field).
The compliance is indicated by one of the follow ing conformity markings placed on the product:
 For non-telecommunications products and for EU
harmonized telecommuni cations products, such
as Bluetooth® within power class below 10mW.
For EU non-harmonized telecommunications
products (If applicable, a 4-digit notified body
number is inserted between CE and !).
Please refer to the regulatory label provided on the product.
The point of contact for regulatory matters is: Hewlett-Packard GmbH, Dept./MS: HQ-TRE,
Herrenberger Strasse 140, 71034 Boeblingen, GERMANY.
ENWW Canadian Notice 39Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  German Ergonomics Notice
HP products which bear the “GS” approval mark, when forming part of a system comprising HP brand
computers, keyboards and monitors that bear the “GS” approval mark, meet the applicable ergonomic
requirements. The installation guides included wi th the products provide configuration information.
Japanese Notice
Korean Notice
Power Cord Set Requirements
The monitor power supply is provided with Automati c Line Switching (ALS). This feature allows the
monitor to operate on input voltages between 100–120V or 200–240V.
The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) rece ived with the monitor meets the requirements for
use in the country where y ou purchased the equipment.
If you need to obtain a power cord for a different country, you should purcha se a power cord that is
approved for use in that country.
The power cord must be rated for the product and for the voltage and current marked on the product's
electrical ratings label. The voltage and current rating  of the cord should be greater than the voltage
and current rating marked on the product. In additi on, the cross-sectional area of the wire must be a
minimum of 0.75 mm² or 18 AWG, and the length of the cord must be between 6 feet (1.8 m) and 12
feet (3.6 m). If you have questions about the type of power cord to use, contact an authorized HP
service provider.
A power cord should be routed so that it is not lik ely to be walked on or pinched by items placed upon
it or against it. Particular attention should be paid to the plug, electrical outl et, and the point where the
cord exits from the product.
Japanese Power Cord Requirements
For use in Japan, use only the power  cord received with this product.
CAUTION: Do not use the power cord received with this product on any other products.
40 Appendix C   Agency Regulatory Notices ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Product Environmental Notices
ENERGY STAR® Qualification
HP Displays marked with the ENERGY STAR® certif ication mark meet the requirements of the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) EN ERGY STAR® program. The EPA ENERGY STAR®
certification mark does not imply endorsement by the EPA. As an ENERGY STAR® Partner, Hewlett
Packard Company has determined that this product meets the ENERGY STAR® program
requirements for display energy efficiency.
The following ENERGY STAR® cert ification mark appears on all ENERGY STAR® qualified displays:
The ENERGY STAR® pr ogram specifications for displays and computers were created by the EPA to
promote energy efficiency and reduce air pollution through more energy-efficient equipment in
homes, offices, and factories. One way products achieve this goal is by using the Microsoft Windows
power management feature to reduce power consumption when the product is not in use.
The power management feature enables the computer to  initiate a low-power or  “sleep” mode after a
period of user inactivity. When used with an ex ternal ENERGY STAR® qualified display, this feature
also supports similar power management features  for the display. To take advantage of these
potential energy savings, users should use the default power management settings that are provided
with ENERGY STAR qualified computers and displays. The default power management settings onENERGY STAR® qualified computer s are preset to behave in th e following ways when the system is
operating on AC power:
● Turn off an external display after 15 minutes of user inactivity
● Initiate a low power sleep mode for the computer after 30 minutes of user inactivity
ENERGY STAR® qualified computers exit the lo w power sleep mode and ENERGY STAR® qualified
displays resume operation when the user resume s use of the computer. Examples include the user
pressing the power/sleep button, receiving an input signal from an input device, receiving an inputsignal from a network connection with t he Wake On LAN (WOL) feature enabled, etc.
Additional information on the ENERGY STAR® prog ram, its environmental benefits and the potential
energy and financial savings of the power man agement feature can be found on the EPA ENERGY
STAR® Power Management Web site at 
http://www.energystar.gov/ powermanagement .
Materials Disposal
Some HP LCD monitors contain mercury in the fluorescent lamps that might require special handling
at end-of-life.
Disposal of this material can be regulated because of environmental considerations. For disposal or
recycling information, contact the local authorities or the Electr onic Industries Alliance (EIA)
http://www.eiae.org .
ENWW Product Environmental Notices 41Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Disposal of Waste Equipment by U sers in Private Household in the
European Union
This symbol on the product or on its packaging indicates that this product must not be disposed of
with your household waste. Inste ad, it is your responsibility to di spose of your waste equipment by
handing it over to a designated collection point fo r the recycling or waste electrical and electronic
equipment. The separate collection and recycling of your waste equipment at the time of disposal will
help to conserve natural resource s and ensure that it is recycled in a manner that protects human
health and the environment. For more information about where you can drop off your waste
equipment for recycling, please contact the local ci ty office, the household waste disposal service or
the shop where you purchased the product.
HP Recycling Program
HP encourages customers to recycle used electron ic hardware, HP original  print cartridges, and
rechargeable batteries. For more information about recycling programs, go to http://www.hp.com/
recycle .
Chemical Substances
HP is committed to providing our customers with information about the chemical substances in our
products as needed to comply with legal requirements such as REACH (Regulation EC No1907/2006 of the European Parliament and Council). A chemical information report for this product
can be found at 
http://www.hp.com/ go/reach .
Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS)
A Japanese regulatory requirement, defined by specification JIS C 0950,  2005, mandates that
manufacturers provide Material Content Declaratio ns for certain categories of electronic products
offered for sale after July 1, 2006. To view the JIS C 0950 material declaration for this product, visit
http://www.hp.com/ go/jisc0950 .
42 Appendix C   Agency Regulatory Notices ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Turkey EEE Regulation
In Conformity with the EEE Regulation
EEE Yönetmeli ğine Uygundur
ENWW Product Environmental Notices 43Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  D LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
The TFT monitor uses high-precision technology , manufactured according to HP standards, to
guarantee trouble-free performanc e. Nevertheless, the display may have cosmetic imperfections that
appear as small bright or dark spots. This is co mmon to all LCD displays used in products supplied by
all vendors and is not specific to the HP LCD.  These imperfections are caused by one or more
defective pixels or sub-pixels.
● A pixel consists of one red, one green, and one blue sub-pixel.
● A defective whole pixel is always turned on (a br ight spot on a dark background), or it is always
off (a dark spot on a bright background). The first is the more visible of the two.
● A defective sub-pixel (dot defect) is less visible than a defective whole pixel and is small and
only visible on a specific background.
To locate defective pixels, the mo nitor should be viewed under normal operating conditions, in normal
operating mode at a supported resolution and refres h rate, from a distance of approximately 50 cm
(20 in).
HP expects that, over time , the industry will continue  to improve its ability to produce LCDs with fewer
cosmetic imperfections and HP will adjus t guidelines as improvements are made.
44 Appendix D   LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User Guide Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
© 2015 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P. 
Microsoft, Windows, and Windows Vista are either 
trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United St ates and/or other countries.
The only warranties for HP products and services are set 
forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be 
construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall 
not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.
This document contains proprietary information that is protected by copyright. No part of this document may be photocopied, reproduced, or translated to another language without the prior wr itten consent of Hewlett-
Packard Company.
Document Part Number: 819651-001
First Edition (Mar 2015)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ii        
About This Guide
This guide provides in formation on setting up the monitor, installin g drivers, using the 
on-screen display menu, troubleshooting and technical specifications.
  WARNING! Text set off in this manner indicate s that failure to follow directions 
could result in bodily  ha rm or loss of life.
  CAUTION:  Text set off in this manner indica tes that failure to follow directions 
could result in damage to equipment or loss of information.
  NOTE:  Text set off in this manner provides important supplemental information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW      1 
Table of Contents
About This Guide
1. Product Features
HP LCD Monitors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1
2. Safety and Maintenance Guidelines
Important Safety Info rmation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2
Safety Precautions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2
Maintenance Guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3
Cleaning the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3
3. Setting Up the Monitor
Unpacking the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4
Installing the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4
Connecting Monitor Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  7
Connecting the Audio Cable (Select Models). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  8
High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection (HDCP) 
(Available on Select Models)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  8
Connecting the Power Cable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  9
Adjusting the Tilt . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  10
4. Operating the Monitor
CD Software and Utilities . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  11
Installing Drivers  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  11
Installing the monitor driver software from  the CD. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . .  11
Downloading updated drivers from the Internet. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  11
Front-Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  12
How To Adjust A Setting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  14
Adjusting The Picture . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  15
Selecting Video Input Connectors  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  17
Identifying Monitor Conditions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  18
Adjusting Screen Quality  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  18
Power-Saver Feature . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  19
A. Troubleshooting
Solving Common Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  20
Getting Support from hp.com . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  21
Preparing to Call Technical Support . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  21
Locating the Rating Label. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  21
B. Technical Specifications
HP LCD Monitors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  22
Preset Video Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  23
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  24Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW HP LCD Monitors     1 
1. Product Features
HP LCD Monitors
The HP LCD (liquid crystal display) monitors have an active matrix , thin-film transistor 
(TFT) screen with the following features:
• Large diagonal display
• Maximum graphics resolution: 
1920 x 1080 @ 60Hz
      Plus full-screen support for lower resolutions
• VGA analog signal
• DVI digital signal 
• HDMI digital signal 
• Easy viewing from a sitting or standing position, or while moving from one side of 
the monitor to the other
• Tilt adjustment
• Removable base
• Built in stereo spea kers on select models
• Security lock slot for a locking security  cable (security cable sold separately)
• Plug and Play capabilit y, if supported by your computer system
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments in  several languages for easy setup and 
screen optimization
• Power Saver to reduce energy consumption
• HDCP (High Bandwidth Digital Content Protection) on DVI input for select models
• Software and utilities CD, containing the following: 
Drivers
Documents Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2      Chapter 2.   Safety and Maintenance Guidelines  ENWW 
2. Safety and Maintenance Guidelines
Important Safet y Information
A power cord is included with the monitor. If another cord is used, use only a power 
source and connection appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with the monitor, refer to the Product Notices  provided on your 
media disc, if one is included, or in your documentation kit.
 WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment: 
• Do not disable the power cord grounding  featur e. The grounding plug is an 
important safe ty feature.
• Plug the power cord in a grounded (earthed) outlet that is easily accessible at all 
times. 
• Disconnect power from the product by unplugging the power cord from the 
e
lectrical outlet.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that n
o one may accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. 
When unplugging from the electrical outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
To reduce the risk of serious injury, read the  Safety  and Comfort Guide . It describes 
proper workstation, setup, posture, and heal th and work habits for computer users, 
and provides important electrical and mechanical safety information. This guide is located on the Web at 
http://www.hp.com/ergo   and/or on the documentation CD, if 
one is included with the monitor.
 CAUTION: For the protection of the monitor, as well as the computer, connect all 
power cords for the computer and its peripheral devices (such as a monitor, printer, sca
nner) to some form of surge protec tion device such as a power strip or 
Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). Not all pow er strips provide surge protection; the 
power strips must be specif ically labeled as having th is ability. Use a power strip 
whose manufacturer offers a Damage Replacement Policy so you can replace the equipment, if surge protection fails.
Use the appropriate and correctly sized furn itur
 e designed to properly support your 
HP LCD monitor.
 WARNING: LCD monitors that are inappropriately situated on dressers, book 
cases, shelves, desks, spea ke rs, chests, or carts may fall over and cause personal 
injury. Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD 
monitor so that they can not be pulled, grabbed, or tripped over.
For displays with glossy bezels the user sh o uld consider the placement of the display 
as the bezel may cause disturbing reflec tions from surrounding light and bright 
surfaces.
Safety Precautions
• Use only a power source and connection compatible with this monitor, as 
indicated on the label/back plate of the monitor.
• Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not 
ex
ceed the current rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the 
products connected to the power cord does not exceed the rating of the power Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW Maintenance Guidelines     3 
cord. Look on the power label to determine the ampere rating (Amps or A) for 
each device.
• Install your monitor near a power outlet that you  can easily reach. Disconnect the 
monitor by grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect 
the monitor by pulling the cord.
• Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.
Maintenance Guidelines
To enhance the performance and extend the life of the monitor:
• Do not open the monitor cabinet or attempt to service this product yourself. Adjust 
o
nly those controls that are covered in th e operating instructions. If the monitor is 
not operating properly or has been dropped or damaged, contact an authorized 
HP dealer, reseller, or service provider.
• Use only a power source and connection appropriate for this monitor, as indicated 
o
n the label/back plate of the monitor.
• Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not 
ex
ceed the current rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the 
products connected to the cord does not exceed the rating of the cord. Look on the power label to determine the ampere rating (AMPS or A) for each device.
• Install the monitor near an outlet th at 
 you can easily reach. Disconnect the 
monitor by grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by pulling the cord.
• Turn the monitor off when not in use. You can substantially increase the life 
e
xpectancy of the monitor by using a screen saver program and turning off the 
monitor when not in use 
• Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. These openings 
mu
st not be blocked or covered. Never push objec ts of any kind into cabinet slots 
or other openings.
• Do not drop the monitor or place it on an unstable surface.
• Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.
• Keep the monitor in a well-ventilated area, away from excessive light, heat or 
mo
isture.
• When removing the monitor base, you must lay the monitor face down on a soft 
ar
ea to prevent it from getting scratched, defaced, or broken.
Cleaning the Monitor
1. Turn off the monitor and the computer.2. Unplug the monitor from the wall outlet or the power brick.
3. Clean the monitor plastics with a clean cloth dampened with water.
4. Clean the monitor screen with an antistatic screen cleaner.
 CAUTION:  Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, or any other volatile 
substances to clean the monitor or t he scree n. These chemicals may damage the 
cabinet finish as well as the screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   4     Chapter 3.   Setting Up the Monitor ENWW   
3. Setting Up the Monitor
Unpacking the Monitor
1. Unpack the monitor. Make sure all contents are included. Store the packing box.
2. Turn off the computer and other attached devices.
3. Prepare a flat area to assemble the monitor. You may need a flat, soft, protected 
a
rea for placing the monitor screen-down while preparing it for installation.
Installing the Monitor
You can install the monitor on a desktop or wall-mount it. Place the monitor in a 
convenient, well-ventilated location near your computer. Connect the monitor cables after you have installed the monitor.
Preparing the monitor for desktop use
1. Set the monitor screen face down on a flat, soft, protected table or desk surface 
with th
e support column overhanging the edge.
 CAUTION:  The screen is fragile. Avoid touching or applying pressure to the LCD 
screen; doing so can cause damage.
2. Press the base into the colu m n until it locks in position, and then secure the base 
by tightening the screw on the bottom of the base. 
Figure 3-1   Attaching the BaseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW Installing the Monitor     5 
3. Lift the monitor to an upright position and place on a flat, stable surface. 
Figure 3-2   Monitor in upright position
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   6     Chapter 3.   Setting Up the Monitor ENWW   
Preparing the monitor for wall-mounting 
1. Check the stability of the wall-mounting fixture.
 WARNING! To reduce the risk of personal injury or of damage to the equipment, 
check that the wall-mounting fixture is adequately installed and secured before 
at
taching the monitor. Refer to the instructions supplied with the wall-mounting fixture 
and check that it is capabl e of supporting the monitor.
2. Disconnect the power cable and any other cables from the monitor.
3. Place the monitor face down on a flat, protected surface.Slide the base away from 
th
e bottom of the monitor.
Figure 3-3   Sliding the base away from the monitor 
4. Four threaded holes are exposed on th e back panel of the monitor. These holes 
are for screws to attach the swing arm or other mounting fixture to the back of the 
monitor. 
5. Follow the instructions included with the mo unting fixture to ensure that the 
monitor is safely attached. The four threaded holes that are on the back of the 
panel are compliant with the VESA standa rd for mounting flat-panel monitors.
6. Attach a swing arm or other mounting fixture.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW Connecting Monitor Cables     7 
Connecting Monitor Cables
Connecting the VGA (Analog) Cable or DVI-D (Digital) Cable or HDMI (Digital) 
Cable
Use a VGA video cable or a DVI-D cable or a HDMI  cable  to connect your monitor to 
your computer. To use DVI, you must have a DVI-compliant graphic card. Connectors 
are located on the back of the monitor. Be sure the computer and monitor are turned off and unplugged.
1.To connect the VGA cable: 
Connect one end of the VGA video cable to the back of the monitor and the other end 
to the VGA video
 connector on the computer.
2.To connect the DVI-D cable: 
Connect one end of the DVI-D video cable to the back of the monitor and the other 
e
nd to the DVI-D video connector on the com puter. You can use this cable only if your 
computer has a DVI compliant graphics card installed. The monitor DVI-D connector and cable are included.
3. To connect the HDMI cable: 
Connect one end of the HDMI cable to the back of the monitor and the other end to 
the
 HDMI connector on the computer.
Figure 3-4   Connecting the VGA or a DVI-D or a HDM I cable- connector locations 
may vary
HDMI 
ORORVGA DVI
 
 NOTE:  When using a VGA or DVI or HDMI signal, you must connect your audio 
separately because a VGA or DVI o r HDMI signal converts only video data, not audio 
data.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   8     Chapter 3.   Setting Up the Monitor ENWW   
Connecting the Audio Cable (Select Models) 
Connect the built-in monitor speakers to the computer by using the audio cable as 
shown in the following illustration
Figure 3-5 connecting the Audio Cables - connector locations may vary
High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection (HDCP) 
(Available on Select Models)
Your monitor supports HDCP and can receive high-definition content. High-definition 
content is available in many sources, such as Blue-ray Disc devices or HDTV air or cable broadcasts. If you do not have an  HDCP-enabled monitor, you will see a blank 
screen or a lower resolution picture when playing high-definition protected content. 
Your computer graphics card and monitor must both support HDCP to display protected content.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW Connecting the Power Cable     9 
Connecting the Power Cable
1. Follow all Electrical and Power Warnings
 WARNING!  To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to your equipment: Do 
not disable the power cord grounding plug. The grounding plug is an important safety 
fe
ature.
Plug the power cord into a grounded (earthed) electrical outlet.
Be sure that the grounded power outlet y ou pl ug the power cord into is easily 
accessible to the operator and located as close to the equipment as possible. A power 
cord should be routed so that  it is not likely to be walked on or pinched by items that 
are placed upon it or against it.
Do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may 
a
ccidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable.
See"Technical Specification"  (Appendix B) for additional information.
Figure 3-6 Connecting the power cable
2. Connect one end of the power cable to the monitor and the other end to a 
grounded electrical outlet.
 WARNING!  To prevent injury from electrical shock, you should do one of the 
following if a properly grounded electrical ou tle t is not available: (1) You should use an 
electrical outlet adapter th at provides proper grounding. (2) You should have a 
properly grounded electrical outlet installed.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   10     Chapter 3.   Setting Up the Monitor ENWW   
Adjusting the Tilt
For optimal viewing, adjust the screen t ilt to your own preference, as follows:
1. Face the front of the monitor and hold the base so that you do not topple the 
mo
nitor while changing the tilt.
2. Adjust the tilt by moving the top edge of  the mo nitor either toward or away from 
you, without touching the screen.
Figure 3-7 Tilt adjustmentDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW CD Software and Utilities     11 
4. Operating the Monitor
CD Software and Utilities
The CD that is included with this monitor contains drivers and software that you can 
install on your computer.
Installing Drivers
If you determine that you need to update the dr ivers, you can install the monitor driver 
INF and ICM files from the CD, or download them from the Internet.
Installing the monitor driv er software from the CD
To install the monitor driver software from the CD:
1. Insert the CD in your computer CD drive. The CD menu appears.
2. Select the language.3. Click Inst
 all Monitor Driver Software .
4. Follow the on-screen instructions.5. Ensure that the proper resolutions and refresh rates appear in the Display Control 
Panel settings.
Refer to the Windows
® operating system documentation for more information.
 NOTE:  You might need to install the digitally signed monitor drivers (INF or ICM 
files) manually from the CD, in case of an inst allation error. Refe r to the "HP Monitor 
Software Information" f ile on the CD for instructions (in English only).
Downloading updated drivers from the Internet
To download the latest version of drivers and software files from the HP Support site:1. Refer to:  htt
 p://www.hp.com/support  .
2. Select your country/region.
3. Select Downl oad Drivers and Software .
4. Enter the model number of your monitor and click Go.
5. Download and install the driver and software  files by following the instructions on 
the download pages.
6. Ensure that your system meets the requirements.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   12     Chapter 4.   Operating the Monitor ENWW   
Front-Panel Controls
 The monitor buttons are located on the bottom of the front panel
Figure 4-1 Front-panel control buttons
45 321"VUP
No. Icon
1 Power button 
2 MENU/ENTER
3 27sv: + / Volume & audio source
V272: + / Volume 
4 - / ECO
5 Auto Config. button / ExitDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW Front-Panel Controls     13 
• Power Button:  
Press to switch the monitor on or off.
• Power Indicator:
Blue — Power On mode.
Orange — Standby mode.
LED off — Off mode.
• MENU / ENTER: 
Activate OSD menu or function adjust confirm or Exit OSD menu when in 
Brightness/Contrast OSD status.
• + / Volume(V272): 
Activate the volume control when the OSD is OFF, Press + or - to adjust the setting when OSD is ON.
• + / Volume & audio source(27sv): 
When the OSD is closed, press the butt on will be Audio Hot-Key Function, and press 
MENU key to move the orange  cursor to Audio Source, then it can be adjust.
• - / ECO:
Activate the ECO function when the OSD is OFF, navigate through adjustment icons 
when OSD is ON, or ad just a function when function is activated.
• Auto Config. button / Exit:
1. When OSD menu is off, press and hold to  activate the Auto Adjustment function 
(only for VGA source). The Auto Adjustme nt function is used to optimize the 
H.Pos, V.Pos, Clock and Phase. 
2. When OSD menu is on, press to exit the OSD menu.
3. When the OSD is closed, Press Auto/Sou rce button continuously about 3 second 
to popup Source window.
OSD Lock Function: To lock the OSD, press and hold the MENU button while the 
monitor is off and then press power button to turn the monitor on. To un-lock the OSD, press and hold the MENU button while the monitor is off and then press power button to turn the monitor on.
NOTES
• Do not install the monitor in a location near heat sources such as radiators or air 
ducts, or in a place subject to direct sunlight, or excessive  dust or mechanical 
vibration or shock.
• Save the original shipping  carton and packi ng materials, as they will come in 
handy if you ever have to ship your monitor.
• For maximum protection, repackage your monitor as it was originally packed at 
the factory.
• To keep the monitor looking new, periodic ally clean it with a soft cloth. Stubborn 
stains may be removed with a cloth lightly dampened with a mild detergent 
solution. Never use strong solvents such as thinner, benzene, or abrasive cleaners, since these will dam age the cabinet. As a safety precaution, always 
unplug the monitor before cleaning it.
• Do not scratch the screen with hard things, it may cause permanent damage.
• Do not leak liquid into monitor which will result in the damage of component. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   14     Chapter 4.   Operating the Monitor ENWW   
How To Adjust A Setting
1. Press the MENU-button to display the OSD menu. 
2. Press + or - to navigate through the me nu items. Once the desired item is 
highlighted, press the MENU-button to enter. Press + or - again to navigate 
through the sub-menu.Once the desired item is highlighted, press MENU-button to activate it. 
3. Press + or - to adjust the setting. 
4. To exit and save, press th e
  EXIT-button. If you would like to adjust other settings, 
please repeat steps 2-3. 
Luminance
Contrast
Brightness
Eco Mode
AUTO :Exit50
  0
Standard
MENU :Select :MoveDCR
AMAOff
OffDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW Adjusting The Picture     15 
Adjusting The Picture
The descriptions for function control:
Main Menu 
ItemMain Menu 
IconSub Menu 
Item Sub Menu Description
Luminance
 Contrast* Contrast adjustment
Brightness* Brightness adjustment
Eco Standard Standard Mode
Text Text Mode
Internet Internet Mode
Game Game Mode
Movie Movie Mode
Sports Sports Mode
DCR Off/on Turn On/Off DCR Mode
AMA Off/on
Image Setup
 Clock Adjust picture Clock t o reduce 
Vertical-Line noise.
Phase Adjust Picture Phase to reduce 
Ho
rizontal-Line noise
H.Position Adjust the vertical position of the picture
.
V.Position Adjust the horizontal position of th
e picture.
Image Ratio Wide/4:3 Select Picture wide and 4:3
Color Temp.
 Warm Recall Warm Color Temperature from EEPROM.
Normal Recall Normal Color Temperature from EEPROM.
Cool Recall Cool Color Temperature from EEPROM.
User Red Red gain adjustment
Green Green gain adjustment
Blue Blue gain adjustment
sRGB Recall SRGB Color Temperature from EEPROM.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   16     Chapter 4.   Operating the Monitor ENWW   
OSD Setup
 H.Position Adjust the horizontal position of 
OSD
V.Position Adjust the vertical position of OSD
Timeout Adjust the OSD Timeout
Language Select the OSD language
Extra
Input Select D-SUB/DVI/HDMI
DDC/CI Turn ON/OFF DDC/CI Support
Reset yes or no Reset the menu to default.
Information Show the information of the main image source.Main Menu 
ItemMain Menu 
IconSub Menu 
Item Sub Menu DescriptionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW Selecting Video Input Connectors     17 
Selecting Video Input Connectors
The input connectors are:
• VGA connector (analog)
• DVI-D connector (digital) 
• HDMI connector (digital)
The monitor automatically determines which inputs have valid video signals, and 
displays the image.
You can connect the VGA cable, the DVI-D cabl e and the HDMI cable, or all. If both or 
all cables are installed, the default input selection is VGA.The source of input can be switched using the Input Select option in the OSD menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   18     Chapter 4.   Operating the Monitor ENWW   
Identifying Monitor Conditions
Special messages will appear on the monito r screen when identi fying the following 
monitor conditions:
• Input Signal Out of Range.Indicates the monitor does not support the input signal 
because the resolution and/or refresh rate are set higher than the monitor supports.
• No Signal - Indicates the monitor is not receiving a video signal from the PC on 
the monitor video input connector. Check to  determine if the PC or input signal 
source is off or in the power saving mode or input source signal is not the same with OSD Input Select setting.
• Auto Adjustment in Progress - Indicates the auto-adjustment function is active.
• Monitor Going to Sleep - Indicates the screen display is entering a sleep mode.
• OSD Lock - The OSD can be enabled or disabled by pressing and holding the 
Menu button while the  monitor is off and then pres s power button to turn the 
monitor on.
• If the OSD is locked, press and hold the Menu button while the  monitor is off 
and then press power button to turn the monitor on  to unlock the OSD.
• If the OSD is unlocked, press and hold the Menu button while the  monitor is 
off and then press power bu tton to turn the monitor on  to lock the OSD.
• Dynamic Contrast Ratio On - Indicate s that Dynamic Contrast Ratio has been 
turned on. This occurs if Dynamic Contrast Ratio is turned on in the Luminance  
OSD menu.
• Dynamic Contrast Ratio Off - Indicate s that Dynamic Contrast Ratio has been 
turned off. This occurs if Dynamic Contrast Ratio is turned off in the Luminance  
OSD menu.
Adjusting Screen Quality
The auto adjustment feature automatically fine-tunes the image quality for display size, position, clock, and phase each time a new video mode is displayed. For more precise adjustments of VGA input, run the Auto Adjustment software on the CD. If you want additional image quality improvement,  use the Clock and Phase controls of the 
monitor to fine tune the image.
Optimizing Analog Video
Some monitors contain advanced circuitry th at allow the monitor to function as a 
standard analog monitor. Two controls in the OSD menu can be adjusted to improve analog image performance:
Clock  -  Increase or decrease t he value to minimize any vertical bars or stripes visible 
on the screen background.
Phase  -  Increase or de crease the value to minimize video distortion or video jitter.
Use these controls only when the auto adjustment function does not provide a 
satisfactory monitor image in analog mode. To obtain the best results:
1. Allow the monitor to warm up fo r 30 minutes before adjusting.
2. Access the OSD menu, then select  Image Setup.
3. Set the main Clock settings correctly first, because the Phase settings depend on 
the main Clock settings.When adjusting the Clock and Phase values, if the monitor images become distorted,continue adjusting the values until the distortion 
disappears. To restore the factory settin gs, access the OSD menu, select Factory 
Reset , and then select Yes .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW Power-Saver Feature     19 
Power-Saver Feature
When the monitor is in normal operating mode, the Power light is blue and the monitor 
uses the normal watts of power. For power usage, refer to " Technical Specification " 
(Appendix B). The monitor also supports a po wer -saver mode that is controlled by the 
computer. When the monitor is in the redu ced-power state, the monitor screen is 
blank, the backlight is off, and the Power light is amber. The monitor uses minimum power. When the monitor is "awakened," a brief warm-up period occurs before the monitor returns to normal operating mode . The energy-saving reduced power state 
activates if the monitor does not detect either the horizontal sync signal or the vertical sync signal. The power- saver feature must be activated on your computer for this 
feature to work. Refe r to your computer documentatio n for instructions on setting 
energy-saver features (sometimes  called power-management features).
 NOTE:  The energy-saver feature works only when the monitor is connected to 
computers that have e nergy-saver features.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   20     Appendix A.   Troubleshooting ENWW   
A. Troubleshooting
Solving Comm on Problems
The following table lists possible problems, the possible cause of each problem, and 
the recommended solutions:
Problem Solution
Problem & Question Possible Solutions
Power LED Is Not ON • Make sure the power button is ON and the Power Cord is 
properly connected to a grounded power outlet and to the 
monitor. 
No Plug & Play • In order for the Plug & Play feature of the monitor to work, 
you need a Plug & Play compatible computer & video card.  Check with your computer manufacturer. Also check the monitor's video cable and make sure none of the pins are bent. 
• Make sure the HP Monitor Drivers are installed (HP Monitor 
Dr
ivers are available at : http://www.hp.com/support) 
Picture Is Fuzzy & Has 
Ghosting Shadowing 
Problem • Adjust the Contrast and Brightness Controls. 
• Make sure you are not using an extension cable or switch 
bo
x. We recommend plugging the monitor directly to the 
video card output connector on the back of your computer. 
Picture Bounces, Flickers Or 
Wave Pattern Is Present In 
The Picture• Move electrical devices that may cause electrical 
interference as far away from the monitor as possible. 
• Use the maximum refresh rate your monitor is capable of at 
th
e resolution your are using. 
Monitor Is Stuck In Active Off-Mode • The Computer Power Switch should be in the ON position. 
• The Computer Video Card should be snugly seated in its 
slot. 
• Make sure the monitor's video cable is properly connected to 
th
e computer.
• Inspect the monitor's video cabl e  and make sure none of the 
pins are bent. 
Missing one of the primary 
colors (RED, GREEN, or BLUE)• Inspect the monitor's video cable and make sure that none 
of the pins are bent. 
• Make sure the monitor's video cable is properly connected to 
the comp
uter. 
Screen image is not centered or sized properly • Adjust H-Position and V-Position or press hot-key (AUTO). 
Picture has color defects (white does not look white) • Adjust RGB color or se lect color temperature 
Horizontal or vertical disturbances on the screen • Use Windows shut-down mode. Adjust CLOCK and Phase 
or press the Auto button to display ideal setting  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW      21 
Getting Support from hp.com
Before you contact cu stomer service, refer to HP Technical Support at:      
http://www.hp.com/support
Select your country/region, and then follow th e links to the supp ort page for your 
monitor.
Preparing to Call Technical Support
If you cannot solve a problem by using the troubleshooting tips in  this section, you 
might have to call technical support. For technical support contact information, refer to the printed documentation included with the monitor.
Have the following information available when you call: 
• Monitor model number (located on label on back of monitor)
• Monitor serial number (located on label on back of monitor or in the OSD display 
in the Informationmenu)
• Purchase date on invoice
• Conditions under which the problem occurred 
• Error messages received 
• Hardware configuration
• Name and version of hardware and software you are using
Locating the Rating Label
The rating label on the monitor provides the product number and serial number. You 
may need these numbers when contacting HP about your monitor model.
The rating label is on the back of the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   22     Appendix B.   Technical Specifications ENWW   
B. Technical Specifications
All specifications represent the typical sp ecifications provided by HP's component  
manufacturers; actual performance may vary either higher or lower.
HP LCD Monitors
Face treatment: Glare polarizer with hard coating
Input terminal:
       VGA connector
DVI-D 24-pin D-type connector 
HDMI connector 
Table B-1 
Specifications:
Display Type: IPS/LED backlight
Viewable Image Size 68.6 cm (27 in.) diagonal
Tilt -2 (+/ -1)~+25  (+/-1)
Maximum Weight (unpacked) 5.3 kg (11.7 lbs)
Dimensions (h x w x d) 62.23cm x 20.0cm x 43.42cm
24.5 x 7.88 x 17.09 in
Maximum Graphics Resolution 1920x1080 @ 60 Hz
Optimum Graphics Resolution 1920x1080 @ 60 Hz
Text Mode 720 x 400
Dot Pitch 0.311(H) x 0.311(V) mm/0.012 x 0.012 in
Horizontal Frequency (analog mode) 30 to 80 kHz
Vertical Frequency (analog mode) 50 to 60 Hz
Operating Temperature 41 to  95 F (5 to 35C)
Non-Operating Temperature -4 to 140 F (-20 to 60C)
Operating Humidity 15% to 90%
Non-Operating Humidity 5% to 90%
Power Source 100-240V~, 50/60 Hz
Power Consumption 27sv:40 W (Full power); 26 W (Typical 
settings)
V272:36 W (Full power); 24 W (Typical 
settings)
Sleep Power Consumption <0.5 watts (W)  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ENWW      23 
Preset Video Modes
The monitor autom atically recognizes many preset video input modes that will appear 
properly sized and centered on the screen.
 
Table B-2 Factory Preset Video Input Modes
Item Preset Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz)
1 640 x 480 31.469 59.940
2 800 x 600 37.879 60.317
3 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004
4 1280 x 720 45.00 60.000
5 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810
6 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020
7 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887
8 1600 x 900 60.000 60.000
9 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954
10 1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   24     Appendix B.   Technical Specifications ENWW   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
Your LCD Monitor uses high-precision technology, manufactured according to high 
standards, to help guarantee trouble-free performance. Nevertheless, the display may have cosmetic imperfections that appear as small bright or dark spots. This is common to all LCD displays used in products supplied by all vendors and is not specific to your LCD Monitor. These imperfections are caused by one or more defective pixels or subpixels.
A pixel consists of one red, one green, a nd one blue subpixel. A defective whole pixel 
is always turned on (a bright spot on a dark background), or it is always off (a dark spot on a bright background). The first is the more visible of the two. A defective 
subpixel (dot defect) is less visible than a defective whole pixel, and is small and only 
visible on a specific background.
To locate defective pixels, the monitor should be viewed under normal operating conditions and in normal operating mode at  a supported resolution and refresh rate, 
from a distance of approximately 50 cm (16 inches). We expect that, over time, the industry will continue to impr ove its ability to produce di splays with fewer cosmetic 
imperfections, and we  will adjust guidelines as im provements are made. For more 
information about your LCD Monitor, refer to the HP Web site at: http://www.hp.com/support.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  IPS LED Backlit Monitors
User GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  © 2014, Hewlett-Packard Development 
Company, L.P.
Windows is either a trademark or registered 
trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the 
United States and/or other countries.
The only warranties for HP products and 
services are set forth in the express 
warranty statements accompanying such 
products and services. Nothing herein 
should be construed as constituting an 
additional warranty. HP shall not be liable 
for technical or editorial errors or omissions 
contained herein.
This document contains proprietary 
information that is protected by copyright. 
No part of this document may be 
photocopied, reproduced, or translated to 
another language without the prior written 
consent of Hewlett-Packard Company.
First Edition: September 2014
Document Part Number: 786794-001Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About This Guide
This guide provides information on monitor features, setting up the monitor, using the software and 
technical specifications.
WARNING! Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to follow directions could result in bodily 
harm or loss of life.
CAUTION: Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to follow directions could result in 
damage to equipment or loss of information.
NOTE: Text set off in this manner provides important supplemental information.
TIP: Text set off in this manner provides helpful hints.
This product incorporates HDMI technology.
iiiDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  iv   About This GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table of contents
1  Product Features  ..............................................................................................................................................  1
HP IPS LCD Backlit Monitors  ...............................................................................................................  1
2  Safety and maintenance guidelines  ..................................................................................................................  3
Important safety information  .................................................................................................................  3
Maintenance guidelines  ........................................................................................................................  4
Cleaning the monitor  ............................................................................................................  4
Shipping the monitor  ............................................................................................................  4
3  Setting Up the Monitor  ......................................................................................................................................  5
Attaching the Monitor Stand  .................................................................................................................  5
Identifying Rear Components  ...............................................................................................................  6
Connecting the Cables  .........................................................................................................................  7
Identifying Front Panel Controls  ...........................................................................................................  9
Menu button functions  .......................................................................................................  10
Adjusting the Monitor  ..........................................................................................................................  11
Turning on the Monitor  .......................................................................................................................  12
HP Watermark and Image Retention Policy  .......................................................................................  12
Mounting the Monitor (Optional)  .........................................................................................................  13
Removing the Monitor Stand  .............................................................................................  13
Attaching the VESA Mount Kit (Available with Select Models)  ..........................................  14
Locating the Rating Label  ...................................................................................................................  15
Installing a Cable Lock  .......................................................................................................................  15
4  Operating the monitor  .....................................................................................................................................  16
Software and utilities  ..........................................................................................................................  16
The Information file  ............................................................................................................  16
The Image Color Matching file  ...........................................................................................  16
Installing the .INF and .ICM files  ........................................................................................................  16
Installing from the disc  .......................................................................................................  16
Downloading from the Web  ...............................................................................................  17
vDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using My Display software  .................................................................................................................  18
Installing the software  ........................................................................................................  18
Using the software  .............................................................................................................  18
Downloading the software  .................................................................................................  18
Using Auto-Sleep Mode  .....................................................................................................................  19
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu  ........................................................................................  20
Appendix A  Technical Specifications  .................................................................................................................  21
22cw/22xw Models  .............................................................................................................................  21
23cw/23xw Models  .............................................................................................................................  22
25cw/25xw Models  .............................................................................................................................  23
27cw/27xw Models  .............................................................................................................................  24
Recognizing Preset Display Resolutions  ............................................................................................  26
Factory Preset Modes  ........................................................................................................  26
High-definition Video Formats  ...........................................................................................  26
Power Adapters  .................................................................................................................  26
Entering User Modes  ..........................................................................................................................  27
Appendix B  Support and troubleshooting  ..........................................................................................................  28
Solving common problems  .................................................................................................................  28
Using the Auto-Adjustment Function (Analog Input)  ..........................................................................  29
Optimizing Image Performance (Analog Input)  ..................................................................................  30
Button lockouts  ...................................................................................................................................  31
Product support  ..................................................................................................................................  31
Preparing to call technical support  .....................................................................................................  31
viDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1Product Features
HP IPS LCD Backlit Monitors
NOTE: Some models described in this guide may not be available in your country or region.
The LCD (liquid crystal display) monitors have an active matrix, In-Plane Switching (IPS) panel. The 
monitor models and features include:
● 22cw/22xw models, 54.6 cm (21.5-in) diagonal viewable area display with 1920 x 1080 
resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum 
image size while preserving original aspect ratio
● 23cw/23xw models, 58.4 cm (23-in) diagonal viewable area display with 1920 x 1080 resolution, 
plus full-screen support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size 
while preserving original aspect ratio
● 25cw/25xw models, 63.3 cm (25-in) diagonal viewable area display with 1920 x 1080 resolution, 
plus full-screen support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size 
while preserving original aspect ratio
● 27cw/27xw models, 68.6cm (27-in) diagonal viewable area display with 1920 x 1080 resolution, 
plus full-screen support for lower resolutions; includes custom scaling for maximum image size 
while preserving original aspect ratio
● LED backlight that consumes less energy
● Tilt capability and wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position, or 
moving from side to side
● Video signal input to support VGA analog
● Video signal input to support high-definition multimedia interface (HDMI)
● Plug and play capability if supported by your operating system
● Security slot provision on rear of monitor for optional cable lock
● On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments in several languages for easy setup and screen 
optimization
● My Display  software for adjusting monitor settings
● HDCP (High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection) copy protection on HDMI inputs
● Software and documentation disc that includes monitor drivers and product documentation
● Energy saver feature to meet requirements for reduced power consumption
HP IPS LCD Backlit Monitors 1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: For safety and regulatory information, refer to the Product Notices  provided on your media 
disc, if one is included, or in your documentation kit. To locate updates to the user guide for your 
product, go to http://www.hp.com/ support , and select your country. Select Drivers & Downloads , and 
then follow the on-screen instructions.
2 Chapter 1   Product FeaturesDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2Safety and maintenance guidelines
Important safety information
A power cord is included with the monitor. If another cord is used, use only a power source and 
connection appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with the 
monitor, refer to the Product Notices  provided on your media disc, if one is included, or in your 
documentation kit.
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
• Plug the power cord into an AC outlet that is easily accessible at all times.
• Disconnect power from the computer by unplugging the power cord from the AC outlet.
• If provided with a 3-pin attachment plug on the power cord, plug the cord into a grounded (earthed) 
3-pin outlet. Do not disable the power cord grounding pin, for example, by attaching a 2-pin adapter. 
The grounding pin is an important safety feature.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may 
accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging from the 
electrical outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
To reduce the risk of serious injury, read the Safety and Comfort Guide . It describes proper 
workstation, setup, posture, and health and work habits for computer users, and provides important 
electrical and mechanical safety information. This guide is located on the Web at http://www.hp.com/
ergo.
CAUTION: For the protection of the monitor, as well as the computer, connect all power cords for 
the computer and its peripheral devices (such as a monitor, printer, scanner) to some form of surge 
protection device such as a power strip or Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). Not all power strips 
provide surge protection; the power strips must be specifically labeled as having this ability. Use a 
power strip whose manufacturer offers a Damage Replacement Policy so you can replace the 
equipment, if surge protection fails.
Use the appropriate and correctly sized furniture designed to properly support your HP LCD monitor.
WARNING! LCD monitors that are inappropriately situated on dressers, bookcases, shelves, desks, 
speakers, chests, or carts may fall over and cause personal injury.
Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD monitor so that they cannot 
be pulled, grabbed, or tripped over.
NOTE: This product is suitable for entertainment purposes. Consider placing the display in a 
controlled luminous environment to avoid interference from surrounding light and bright surfaces that 
may cause disturbing reflections from the screen.
Important safety information 3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Maintenance guidelines
To enhance the performance and extend the life of the monitor:
● Do not open the monitor cabinet or attempt to service this product yourself. Adjust only those 
controls that are covered in the operating instructions. If the monitor is not operating properly or 
has been dropped or damaged, contact an authorized HP dealer, reseller, or service provider.
● Use only a power source and connection appropriate for this monitor, as indicated on the label/
back plate of the monitor.
● Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not exceed the 
current rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the 
cord does not exceed the rating of the cord. Look on the power label to determine the ampere 
rating (AMPS or A) for each device.
● Install the monitor near an outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by grasping 
the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by pulling the cord.
● Turn the monitor off when not in use. You can substantially increase the life expectancy of the 
monitor by using a screen saver program and turning off the monitor when not in use.
NOTE: Monitors with a “burned-in image” are not covered under the HP warranty.
● Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. These openings must not be 
blocked or covered. Never push objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.
● Do not drop the monitor or place it on an unstable surface.
● Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.
● Keep the monitor in a well-ventilated area, away from excessive light, heat or moisture.
● When removing the monitor stand, you must lay the monitor face down on a soft area to prevent 
it from getting scratched, defaced, or broken.
Cleaning the monitor
1.Turn off the monitor and unplug the power cord from the back of the unit.
2.Dust the monitor by wiping the screen and the cabinet with a soft, clean antistatic cloth.
3.For more difficult cleaning situations, use a 50/50 mix of water and Isopropyl alcohol.
CAUTION: Spray the cleaner onto a cloth and use the damp cloth to gently wipe the screen surface. 
Never spray the cleaner directly on the screen surface. It may run behind the bezel and damage the 
electronics.
CAUTION: Do not use cleaners that contain any petroleum based materials such as benzene, 
thinner, or any volatile substance to clean the monitor screen or cabinet. These chemicals may 
damage the monitor.
Shipping the monitor
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. You may need it later if you move or ship the 
monitor.
4 Chapter 2   Safety and maintenance guidelinesDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3Setting Up the Monitor
To set up the monitor, ensure that the power is turned off to the monitor, computer system, and other 
attached devices, then follow the instructions below.
Attaching the Monitor Stand
CAUTION: The screen is fragile. Avoid touching or applying pressure to the screen; doing so can 
cause damage.
TIP: Consider the placement of the display, because the bezel might cause interfering reflections 
from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
1.Remove the stand/base assembly, and then lift the monitor from the box and place it face down 
on a flat surface.
2.Slide the stand into the base until the stand is locked in place.
Attaching the Monitor Stand 5Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3.Insert the two tabs on the stand into the slot on the back of the display head until they click into 
place.
Identifying Rear Components
Component Function
1 VGA Connects the VGA cable from the computer to the monitor
2 HDMI Connects the HDMI cable from the computer to the monitor
3 HDMI* Connects the HDMI cable from the computer to the monitor
4 DC Power LED Illuminates when power adapter is connected to the 
monitor
5 DC Power Connector Connects the DC power adapter to the monitor
6 Cable Lock Slot Connects the optional cable lock to the monitor
* Select models only
6 Chapter 3   Setting Up the MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the Cables
1.Place the monitor in a convenient, well-ventilated location near the computer.
2.Connect a signal cable.
NOTE: The monitor is capable of supporting analog or HDMI input. The video mode is 
determined by the video cable used. The monitor will automatically determine which inputs have 
valid video signals. The inputs can be selected by pressing the Source  button on the front panel 
or through the On-Screen Display (OSD) feature by pressing the Menu  button.
● For analog operation, use a VGA signal cable. Connect the VGA signal cable to the VGA 
connector on the rear of the monitor and the other end to the VGA connector on the 
computer.
● Connect an HDMI cable to an HDMI port on the rear of the monitor and the other end to the 
HDMI port on the source device. The HDMI cable is included for select models only.
Connecting the Cables 7Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3.Connect one end of the power cord to the power supply (1) and the other end to a grounded 
electrical outlet (2), and then connect the round end of the power supply cord to the monitor (3).
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
Do not disable the power cord grounding plug. The grounding plug is an important safety 
feature.
Plug the power cord into a grounded (earthed) electrical outlet that is easily accessible at all 
times.
Disconnect power from the equipment by unplugging the power cord from the electrical outlet.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one 
may accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging from 
the electrical outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
8 Chapter 3   Setting Up the MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Identifying Front Panel Controls
Control Function
1 Menu Opens, selects or exits the OSD menu.
2 Brightness
– (Minus)
QuickViewBrightness  If the OSD menu is inactive, press to activate the Brightness 
Menu to adjust brightness.
– If the OSD menu is on, press to navigate backward through the OSD 
menu and decrease adjustment levels.
QuickView  If the OSD menu is inactive, press to activate the QuickView 
button that chooses different settings (HP Enhance+, Movie, Photo, 
Gaming, Text, Custom).
3 Auto Adjustment
QuickView
+ (Plus)Auto Adjustment  Press and hold to automatically adjust the screen 
image.
NOTE: This item can only be used with a VGA input signal.
QuickView  If the OSD menu is inactive, press to activate the Quick View 
button that chooses different settings (HP Enhance+, Movie, Photo, 
Gaming, Text, Custom).
+ If the OSD menu is on, press to navigate forward through the OSD 
menu and increase adjustment levels.
4 Source
Back/Cancel/ExitSource  If the OSD menu is inactive, press to activate the Source button 
that chooses the video signal input (VGA or HDMI).
Back/Cancel/Exit  Press to go back, cancel, or exit.
5 Power Turns the monitor on or off.
NOTE: To view an OSD menu simulator, visit the HP Customer Self Repair Services Media Library 
at http://www.hp.com/ go/sml .
Identifying Front Panel Controls 9Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Menu button functions
Pressing one of the four Menu buttons on the bottom of the monitor activates the buttons and 
displays the icons next to the buttons. The function of the buttons depends on the active video input 
and the model.
If the active video input is an analog signal (VGA input), the buttons have the following functions.
Button Function
1Menu Opens the OSD (On-Screen Display) main menu, selects a menu 
item from the OSD, or closes the OSD menu.
2Quick View Opens the Quick View menu where you can select a color setting 
for your application.
3Auto-Adjust Activates the auto-adjustment feature to optimize the screen.
4Next Active Input Switches the monitor's input source to the next active input.
If the active video input is a digital signal (HDMI input), the buttons have the following functions.
Button Function
1Menu Opens the OSD (On-Screen Display) main menu, select a menu 
item from the OSD, or closes the OSD menu.
2Brightness Opens the Brightness adjustment scale.
3Quick View Opens the Quick View menu where you can select a color setting 
for your application.
4Next Active Input Switches the monitor's input source to the next active input.
10 Chapter 3   Setting Up the MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Adjusting the Monitor
Tilt the monitor panel forward or backward to set it to a comfortable eye level.
Adjusting the Monitor 11Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Turning on the Monitor
1.Press the power button on the front of the monitor to turn it on.
2.Press the power button on the computer to turn it on.
CAUTION: Burn-in image damage may occur on monitors that display the same static image on 
screen for a prolonged period of time.* To avoid burn-in image damage on the monitor screen, you 
should always activate a screen saver application or turn off the monitor when it is not in use for a 
prolonged period of time. Image retention is a condition that may occur on all LCD screens. Monitors 
with a “burned-in image” are not covered under the HP warranty.
* A prolonged period of time is 12 consecutive hours of non-use.
NOTE: If pressing the power button has no effect, the Power Button Lockout feature may be 
enabled. To disable this feature, press and hold the monitor power button for 10 seconds.
NOTE: You can disable the power LED in the OSD menu. Press the Menu  button on the front of the 
monitor, then select Management  > Bezel Power LED  > Off.
When the monitor is powered on, a Monitor Status message is displayed for five seconds. The 
message shows which input (VGA or HDMI) is the current active signal, the status of the auto-switch 
source setting (On or Off; factory default is On), the default source signal (factory default is Auto-
switch), the current preset display resolution, and the recommended preset display resolution.
The monitor automatically scans the signal inputs for an active input and uses that input for the 
display. If two or more inputs are active, the monitor will display the default input source. If the default 
source is not one of the active inputs, then the monitor will display the highest ranking priority input in 
the following order: HDMI, then VGA. You can change the default source in the OSD by pressing the 
front panel Source  button.
HP Watermark and Image Retention Policy
The IPS monitor models are designed with IPS (In-Plane Switching) display technology which 
provides ultra-wide viewing angles and advanced image quality. IPS monitors are suitable for a wide 
variety of advanced image quality applications. This panel technology, however, is not suitable for 
applications that exhibit static, stationary or fixed images for long periods of time without the use of 
screen savers. These types of applications may include camera surveillance, video games, marketing 
logos, and templates that are displayed on the screen for a prolonged period of time. Static images 
may cause image retention damage that could look like stains or watermarks on the monitor's screen.
Monitors in use for 24 hours per day that result in image retention damage are not covered under the 
HP warranty. To avoid image retention damage, always turn off the monitor when it is not in use or 
use the power management setting, if supported on your system, to turn off the display when the 
system is idle.
12 Chapter 3   Setting Up the MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Mounting the Monitor (Optional)
The monitor panel can be attached to a VESA mount kit provided with select models. To attach the 
VESA mount kit, use the following steps.
NOTE: This apparatus is intended to be supported by UL or CSA Listed wall mount bracket.
CAUTION: This VESA mount kit supports the VESA industry standard 100 mm mounting holes. To 
attach a third-party mounting solution to the VESA mount, four 4 mm, 0.7 pitch, and 10 mm long 
screws are required. Longer screws must not be used because they may damage the monitor. It is 
important to verify that the manufacturer’s mounting solution is compliant with the VESA standard and 
is rated to support the weight of the monitor display panel. For best performance, it is important to use 
the power and video cables provided with the monitor.
Removing the Monitor Stand
You can remove the monitor panel from the stand to install the panel on a wall, a swing arm, or other 
mounting fixture.
CAUTION: Before beginning to disassemble the monitor, be sure the monitor is turned off and all 
cables are disconnected.
1.Disconnect and remove all cables from the monitor.
2.Adjust the monitor to the vertical position.
3.Lay the monitor face down on a flat surface covered by a clean, dry cloth.
4.Press down on the release latch (1) and slide the stand out of the slot on the display head (2).
Mounting the Monitor (Optional) 13Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Attaching the VESA Mount Kit (Available with Select Models)
1.Remove the monitor stand. Refer to Removing the Monitor Stand on page 13.
2.Remove the screw from the center of the rear of the display head.
3.Insert the tab at the bottom of the VESA mount into the slot on the back of the display head until 
the VESA mount clicks in place (1), and then secure the top of the VESA mount with the screw 
that was installed in the center of the display head (2).
4.To attach the monitor to a swing arm or other mounting device (purchased separately), insert 
four mounting screws through the holes on the mounting device and into the screw holes on the 
VESA mount that was installed on the rear of the monitor.
14 Chapter 3   Setting Up the MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Locating the Rating Label
The rating label on the monitor provides the product number and serial number. You may need these 
numbers when contacting HP about the monitor model. The rating label is located on the bottom of 
the monitor.
Installing a Cable Lock
You can secure the monitor to a fixed object with an optional cable lock available from HP.
Locating the Rating Label 15Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4Operating the monitor
Software and utilities
The disc that comes with the monitor contains files you can install on the computer:
● an .INF (Information) file
● ICM (Image Color Matching) files (one for each calibrated color space)
● My Display  software
The Information file
The .INF file defines monitor resources used by Microsoft Windows operating systems to ensure 
monitor compatibility with the computer’s graphics adapter.
This monitor is Microsoft Windows Plug and Play compatible and the monitor will work correctly 
without installing the .INF file. Monitor Plug and Play compatibility requires that the computer’s 
graphic card is VESA DDC2–compliant and that the monitor connects directly to the graphics card. 
Plug and Play does not work through separate BNC type connectors or through distribution buffers/
boxes.
The Image Color Matching file
The .ICM files are data files that are used in conjunction with graphics programs to provide consistent 
color matching from monitor screen to printer, or from scanner to monitor screen. This file is activated 
from within graphics programs that support this feature.
NOTE: The ICM color profile is written in accordance with the International Color Consortium (ICC) 
Profile Format specification.
Installing the .INF and .ICM files
After you determine that you need to update, you can install the .INF and .ICM files from the disc or 
download them.
Installing from the disc
To install the .INF and .ICM files on the computer from the disc:
1.Insert the disc in the computer optical drive. The disc menu is displayed.
2.View the HP Monitor Software Information  file.
16 Chapter 4   Operating the monitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3.Select Install Monitor Driver Software .
4.Follow the on-screen instructions.
5.Ensure that the proper resolution and refresh rates appear in the Windows Display control panel.
NOTE: You may need to install the digitally signed monitor .INF and .ICM files manually from the 
disc in the event of an installation error. Refer to the HP Monitor Software Information file on the disc.
Downloading from the Web
To download the latest version of .INF and .ICM files from the HP monitors support Web site:
1.Go to http://www.hp.com/ support  and select the appropriate country and language.
2.Select Drivers & Downloads , type your monitor model in the Find by product  search field, and 
click Go.
3.If necessary, select your monitor from the list.
4.Select your operating system, and then click Next.
5.Click Driver - Display/Monitor  to open the list of drivers.
6.Click on the driver.
7.Click the System Requirements  tab, and then verify that your system meets the program 
minimum requirements.
8.Click Download  and follow the on-screen instructions to download the software.
Installing the .INF and .ICM files 17Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using My Display  software
The disc provided with the monitor includes My Display  software. Use My Display  software to choose 
preferences for optimum viewing. You can select settings for gaming, movies, photo editing or just 
working on documents and spreadsheets. You can also easily adjust settings such as brightness, 
color, and contrast using My Display  software.
Installing the software
To install the software:
1.Insert the disc in your computer disc drive. The disc menu is displayed.
2.Select the language.
NOTE: This choice selects the language you will see while installing the software. The 
language of the software itself will be determined by the operating system language.
3.Click Install My Display Software .
4.Follow the on-screen instructions.
5.Restart the computer.
Using the software
To open the My Display  software:
1.Click the HP My Display  icon on the taskbar.
Or
Click Windows Start  ™ on the taskbar.
2.Click All Programs .
3.Click HP My Display .
4.Select HP My Display .
For additional information, refer to the on-screen Help within the software.
Downloading the software
If you prefer to download the My Display  software, follow the instructions below.
1.Go to http://www.hp.com/ support  and select the appropriate country and language.
2.Select Drivers & Downloads , type your monitor model in the Find by product  search field, and 
click Go.
3.If necessary, select your monitor from the list.
4.Select your operating system, and then click Next.
5.Click Utility - Tools  to open the list of utilities and tools.
6.Click HP My Display .
18 Chapter 4   Operating the monitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  7.Click the System Requirements  tab, and then verify that your system meets the program 
minimum requirements.
8.Click Download  and follow the on-screen instructions to download My Display .
Using Auto-Sleep Mode
The display supports an OSD (On-Screen Display) option called Auto-Sleep Mode  that allows you to 
enable or disable a reduced power state for the display. When Auto-Sleep Mode is enabled (enabled 
by default), the monitor will enter a reduced power state when the host PC signals low power mode 
(absence of either horizontal or vertical sync signal).
Upon entering this reduced power state sleep mode, the monitor screen is blanked, the backlight is 
turned off and the power LED indicator turns amber. The monitor draws less than 0.5W of power 
when in this reduced power mode. The monitor will wake from the sleep mode when the host PC 
sends an active signal to the monitor (for example, if you activate the mouse or keyboard).
You can disable the Auto-Sleep Mode in the OSD. Press the Menu  button on the side panel to open 
the OSD. In the OSD select Power Control  > Auto-Sleep Mode  > Off.
Using Auto-Sleep Mode 19Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu
Use the On-Screen Display (OSD) to adjust the screen image based on your viewing preferences. 
You can access and make adjustments in the OSD using the buttons on the right side of the display 
or the buttons on the remote control.
To access the OSD and make adjustments, do the following:
1.If the monitor is not already on, press the Power  button to turn on the monitor.
2.To access the OSD menu, press the Menu  button on the right side of the monitor or on the 
remote control.
3.To navigate through the OSD menu, press the + (Plus) button on the monitor’s side panel or on 
the remote control to scroll up, or the – (Minus) button to scroll down.
4.To select an item from the OSD menu, use the + or – buttons to scroll to and highlight your 
selection, then press the Menu  button to select that function.
5.Adjust the item using the + or – buttons to adjust the scale.
6.After adjusting the function, select Save and Return , or Cancel  if you don’t want to save the 
setting, then select Exit from the Main menu.
Main Menu Description
Brightness Adjusts the brightness level of the screen. The factory default range is 90.
Contrast Adjusts the contrast level of the screen. The factory default range is 80.
Input Control Selects the video input signal.
Color Control Selects and adjusts the screen color.
Image Control Adjusts the screen image.
Power Control Adjusts the power settings.
OSD Control Adjusts the on-screen display (OSD) controls.
Management Adjusts the audio settings and returns all OSD menu settings to the factory default settings.
Language Selects the language in which the OSD menu is displayed. The factory default is English.
Information Selects and displays important information about the monitor.
Exit Exits the OSD menu screen.
NOTE: Connect to the HP support Website, http://www.hp.com/ support  to check for updates to 
software or documentation that might have become available between the manufacturing and delivery 
of your product.
20 Chapter 4   Operating the monitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ATechnical Specifications
NOTE: All specifications represent the typical specifications provided by HP's component 
manufacturers; actual performance may vary either higher or lower.
NOTE: Some models described in this guide may not be available in your country or region.
22cw/22xw Models
Display
Type54.6-cm wide screen
IPS21.5-in wide screen
Viewable Image Size 54.6 cm diagonal 21.5 in diagonal
Tilt -2° to 25°
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 3.54 kg 7.8 lbs
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth
Width38.5 cm
15.1 cm
49.9 cm15.2 in
5.9 in
19.7 in
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input 
Text Mode 720 × 400
Dot Pitch 0.2480 (H) × 0.2480 (V) mm
Pixels Per in 102 PPI  
Horizontal Frequency 30 to 80 kHz
Vertical Refresh Rate 50 to 60 Hz
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5° to 35° C
-20° to 60° C41° to 95° F
-4° to 140° F
22cw/22xw Models 21Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Relative Humidity 20 to 70%  
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Altitude:
Operating
Storage0 to 5000 m
0 to 12192 m0 to 16,400 ft
0 to 40,000 ft
Measured Power Consumption:
Full Power
Typical Settings
Sleep
Power Off24 W
23 W
<0.5 W
<0.5 W
Input Terminal One VGA connector; one HDMI 
connector 
23cw/23xw Models
Display
Type58.4-cm wide screen
IPS23-in wide screen
Viewable Image Size 58.4 cm diagonal 23 in diagonal
Tilt -2° to 25°
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 3.97 kg 8.8 lbs
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth
Width40.4 cm
15.1 cm
53.23 cm15.95 in
5.9 in
20.96 in
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input 
Text Mode 720 x 400
Dot Pitch 0.265 (H) x 0.265 (V) mm
Pixels Per in 96 PPI  
Horizontal Frequency 30 to 80 kHz
Vertical Refresh Rate 50 to 60 Hz
22 Appendix A   Technical SpecificationsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5° to 35° C
-20° to 60° C41° to 95° F
-4° to 140° F
Relative Humidity 20 to 70%  
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Altitude:
Operating
Storage0 to 5000 m
0 to 12192 m0 to 16,400 ft
0 to 40,000 ft
Measured Power Consumption:
Full Power
Typical Settings
Sleep
Power Off27 W
25 W
<0.5 W
<0.5 W
Input Terminal One VGA connector; two HDMI 
connectors 
25cw/25xw Models
Display
Type63.3-cm wide screen
IPS25-in wide screen
Viewable Image Size 63.3 cm diagonal 25 in diagonal
Tilt -2° to 25°
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 5.11 kg 11.2 lbs
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth
Width42.94 cm
16.4 cm
57.77 cm16.91 in
6.5 in
22.74 in
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input 
Text Mode 720 × 400
Dot Pitch 0.288 (H) x 0.288 (V) mm
Pixels Per in 88 PPI  
25cw/25xw Models 23Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Horizontal Frequency 30 to 80 kHz
Vertical Refresh Rate 50 to 60 Hz
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5° to 35° C
-20° to 60° C41° to 95° F
-4° to 140° F
Relative Humidity 20 to 70%  
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Altitude:
Operating
Storage0 to 5000 m
0 to 12192 m0 to 16,400 ft
0 to 40,000 ft
Measured Power Consumption:
Full Power
Typical Settings
Sleep
Power Off30 W
28 W
<0.5 W
<0.5 W
Input Terminal One VGA connector; two HDMI 
connectors 
27cw/27xw Models
Display
Type68.6-cm wide screen
IPS27-in wide screen
Viewable Image Size 68.6 cm diagonal 27 in diagonal
Tilt -2° to 25°
Maximum Weight (Unpacked) 5.5 kg 11.5 lbs
Dimensions (include base)
Height
Depth
Width45.46 cm
16.4 cm
62.26 cm17.9 in
6.5 in
24.51 in
Maximum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input
Optimum Graphic Resolution 1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) analog input
1920 x 1080 (60 Hz) digital input 
Text Mode 720 × 400
24 Appendix A   Technical SpecificationsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Dot Pitch 0.311 (H) x 0.311 (V) mm
Pixels Per in 82 PPI  
Horizontal Frequency 30 to 80 kHz
Vertical Refresh Rate 50 to 60 Hz
Environmental Requirements Temperature
Operating Temperature
Storage Temperature5° to 35° C
-20° to 60° C41° to 95° F
-4° to 140° F
Relative Humidity 20 to 70%  
Power Source 100–240 VAC 50/60 Hz  
Altitude:
Operating
Storage0 to 5000 m
0 to 12192 m0 to 16,400 ft
0 to 40,000 ft
Measured Power Consumption:
Full Power
Typical Settings
Sleep
Power Off32 W
31 W
<0.5 W
<0.5 W
Input Terminal One VGA connector; two HDMI 
connectors 
27cw/27xw Models 25Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Recognizing Preset Display Resolutions
The display resolutions listed below are the most commonly used modes and are set as factory 
defaults. This monitor automatically recognizes these preset modes and they will appear properly 
sized and centered on the screen.
NOTE: Some models described in this guide may not be available in your country or region.
Factory Preset Modes
Preset Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 640 x 480 31.469 59.94
2 720 x 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.317
4 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45 60
6 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.02
7 1440 × 900 55.935 59.887
8 1600 × 900 60 60
9 1680 × 1050 65.29 59.954
10 1920 × 1080 67.5 60
High-definition Video Formats
Preset Timing Name Pixel Format Horz Freq (kHz) Vert Freq (Hz)
1 480p 720 × 480 31.469 60
2 576p 720 × 576 31.25 50
3 720p50 1280 × 720 37.5 50
4 720p60 1280 × 720 45 60
5 1920p60 1920 x 1080 67.5 60
6 1920p50 1920 x 1080 56.25 50
Power Adapters
Manufacturer Model Number Power Supply Rating
TPV Electronics (Fujian) Co., Ltd. ADPC1945 19Vdc / 2.37A
26 Appendix A   Technical SpecificationsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Entering User Modes
The video controller signal may occasionally call for a mode that is not preset if:
● You are not using a standard graphics adapter.
● You are not using a preset mode.
It this occurs, you may need to readjust the parameters of the monitor screen by using the on-screen 
display. Your changes can be made to any or all of these modes and saved in memory. The monitor 
automatically stores the new setting, then recognizes the new mode just as it does a preset mode. In 
addition to the factory preset modes, there are at least 10 user modes that can be entered and 
stored.
Entering User Modes 27Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  BSupport and troubleshooting
Solving common problems
The following table lists possible problems, the possible cause of each problem, and the 
recommended solutions.
Problem Possible Cause Solution
Screen is blank or video is 
flashing.Power cord is disconnected. Connect the power cord.
Power button is turned off. Press the front panel power button.
NOTE: If pressing the power button has no effect, press 
and hold the power button for 10 seconds to disable the 
power button lockout feature.
Video cable is improperly 
connected.Connect the video cable properly. Refer to Identifying 
Front Panel Controls on page 9 for more information.
System is in sleep mode. Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to 
inactivate the screen blanking utility.
Video card compatibility. Open the OSD menu and select the Input Control  menu. 
Set Auto-Switch Input  to Off and manually select the 
input.
Image appears blurred, 
indistinct, or too dark.Brightness is too low. Open the OSD menu and select Brightness  to adjust the 
brightness scale as needed.
Check Video Cable  is 
displayed on screen.Monitor video cable is 
disconnected.Connect the appropriate video signal cable between the 
computer and monitor. Be sure that the computer power 
is off while connecting the video cable.
Input Signal Out of Range 
is displayed on screen.Video resolution and/or refresh 
rate are set higher than what the 
monitor supports.Change the settings to a supported setting (see 
Recognizing Preset Display Resolutions on page 26).
The monitor is off but it did 
not seem to enter into a 
low-power sleep mode.The monitor's power saving control 
is disabled.Open the OSD menu and select Power Control  > Auto-
Sleep Mode  and set auto-sleep to On.
OSD Lockout  is displayed. The monitor's OSD Lockout 
function is enabled.Press and hold the Menu button on the side panel for 10 
seconds to disable the OSD Lockout function.
Power Button Lockout  is 
displayed.The monitor's Power Button 
Lockout function is enabled.Press and hold the power button for 10 seconds to 
unlock the power button function.
28 Appendix B   Support and troubleshootingDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using the Auto-Adjustment Function (Analog Input)
When first setting up the monitor, when conducting a Factory Reset of the computer, or whenever you 
change the resolution of the monitor, the Auto-Adjustment feature will automatically engage, and 
attempt to optimize your screen for you.
You may also optimize the screen performance for the VGA (analog) input at any time by using the 
Auto button on the monitor (see your model's user guide for the specific button name) and the auto-
adjustment pattern software utility on the disc provided (select models only).
Do not use this procedure if the monitor is using an input other than VGA. If the monitor is using a 
VGA (analog) input, this procedure can correct the following image quality conditions:
● Fuzzy or unclear focus
● Ghosting, streaking or shadowing effects
● Faint vertical bars
● Thin, horizontal scrolling lines
● An off-center picture
To use the auto-adjustment feature:
1.Allow the monitor to warm up for 20 minutes before adjusting.
2.Press the Auto button on the monitor front panel.
● You can also press the Menu button, then select Image Control > Auto-Adjustment  from the 
OSD Main Menu.
● If the result is not satisfactory, continue with the procedure.
3.Insert the disc in the disc drive. The disc menu is displayed.
4.Select Open Auto-Adjustment Software . The setup test pattern is displayed.
5.Press the Auto button on the monitor front panel to produce a stable, centered image.
6.Press the ESC key or any other key on the keyboard to exit the test pattern.
NOTE: The auto-adjustment test pattern utility can be downloaded from http://www.hp.com/ support .
Using the Auto-Adjustment Function (Analog Input) 29Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Optimizing Image Performance (Analog Input)
Two controls in the on-screen display can be adjusted to improve image performance: Clock and 
Phase (available in the main menu).
NOTE: The Clock and Phase controls are adjustable only when using an analog (VGA) input. These 
controls are not adjustable for digital inputs.
The Clock must first be set correctly since the Phase settings are dependent on the main Clock 
setting. Use these controls only when the auto-adjustment function does not provide a satisfactory 
image.
● Clock —Increases/decreases the value to minimize any vertical bars or stripes visible on the 
screen background.
● Phase —Increases/decreases the value to minimize video flickering or blurring.
NOTE: When using the controls, you will obtain the best results by using the auto-adjustment 
pattern software utility provided on the disc.
When adjusting the Clock and Phase values, if the monitor images become distorted, continue 
adjusting the values until the distortion disappears. To restore the factory settings, select Yes from 
the Factory Reset  menu in the on-screen display.
To eliminate vertical bars (Clock):
1.Press the Menu button on the monitor's front panel to open the OSD Menu, and then select 
Image Control  > Clock .
2.Press the + (Plus) or – (Minus) buttons on the monitor's front panel to eliminate vertical bars. 
Press the buttons slowly so that you do not miss the optimum adjustment point.
3.After adjusting the Clock, if blurring, flickering, or bars appear on the screen, proceed to adjust 
the Phase.
To remove flickering or blurring (Phase):
1.Press the Menu button on the monitor's front panel to open the OSD Menu, and then select 
Image Control  > Phase .
2.Press the + (Plus) or – (Minus) buttons on the monitor's front panel to eliminate flickering or 
blurring. Flicking or blurring may not be eliminated depending on your computer or graphics 
controller card installed.
To correct screen position (Horizontal Position or Vertical Position):
30 Appendix B   Support and troubleshootingDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1.Press the Menu button on the monitor's front panel to open the OSD Menu, and then select 
Image Control  > Horizontal Position  and/or Vertical Position .
2.Press the + (Plus) or – (Minus) buttons on the monitor's front panel to properly adjust the 
position of the image in the display area of the monitor. The Horizontal Position shifts the image 
left or right; the Vertical Position shifts the image up and down.
Button lockouts
Holding down the power button or Menu button for ten seconds will lock out the functionality of the 
buttons. You can restore the functionality by holding the buttons down again for ten seconds. This 
functionality is only available when the display is powered on, displaying an active signal, and the 
OSD is not active.
Product support
For additional information on using your monitor, go to http://www.hp.com/ support . Select your 
country or region, select Troubleshooting , and then enter your model in the search window and click 
the Go button.
NOTE: The monitor user guide, reference material, and drivers are available at http://www.hp.com/
support . 
If the information provided in the guide does not address your questions, you can contact support. For 
U.S. support, go to http://www.hp.com/ go/contactHP . For worldwide support, go to 
http://welcome.hp.com/ country/us/en/wwcontact_us.html .
Here you can:
● Chat online with an HP technician
NOTE: When support chat is not available in a particular language, it is available in English.
● Find support telephone numbers
● Locate an HP service center
Preparing to call technical support
If you cannot solve a problem using the troubleshooting tips in this section, you may need to call 
technical support. Have the following information available when you call:
● Monitor model number
● Monitor serial number
● Purchase date on invoice
● Conditions under which the problem occurred
Button lockouts 31Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ● Error messages received
● Hardware configuration
● Name and version of the hardware and software you are using
32 Appendix B   Support and troubleshootingDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HP 20wd LED Backlit Monitor  
User Guide 1  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © 2013 Hewlett -Packard Development Company, L.P.  
  Microsoft, Windows, and Windows Vista are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft  
Corporation in the United States and/ or other countries.  
 
 
The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements 
accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an 
additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. 
This document contains proprietary information that is protected by copyright. No part of this document 
may be photocopied, reproduced, or translated to another language without the prior written consent of 
Hewlett -Packard Company.  
 
 
First Edition (January 2014)  
 
Document Part Number: 751598- 001 2 
 
 
 
Chapter I.  Introduction  
 
 
 
1.1 Features  
 
 Multilingual OSD adjustment  
 Compatible with IBM VGA, extended VGA, VESA VGA, SVGA, XGA, and SXGA modes  
 Wide range of applicable voltages (AC 100- 240V 50/60Hz ) enables direct use without any 
setting.  
 Plug-and-play VESA DDC1/ 2B Standard. Compatible with Windows 9x / 2000 / XP / 7 /8/ 
Vista  operation systems  
 
1.2 Check list  
 
Please make sure the following it ems are included with your LCD monitor;  
 The monitor (and the pedestal)  
 Lower stand  
 Power cord  
 VGA cable  
 DVI cable (Optional)  
 Documentation and software disc  
 Setup poster  
 Warranty  
  
If any of these items are missing, please contact your dealer for technical  support and custom service.  
  
  
 
 
 
Note: Be sure to save original box and all packing materials for future transport.  
 3  
 
 
Chapter II.  Installation  
 
 
 
2.1 Install the pedestal  
 
 
Please follow the steps illustrated below to install the pedestal.  
 
 
 
 
 4 
2.2 Connect your monitor to your computer  
 
 
  
 
1. Power off and unplug your computer.  
2. Connect the 15- Pin ends of the signal cable to the VGA port of your monitor and the VGA OUT jack 
on the back of your computer. Secure the screws on both ends of the signal cable.  
or, connect the DVI signal cable to the DVI port on the monitor and the other end of the 
cable to the back of the computer or source device.  
3. Connect one end of power cord to the monitor, then connect the other end of the power cords to the 
nearest electrical outlet.  
Warning! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:  
 Do not disable the power cord grounding feature. The grounding plug is an 
important safety feature.  
 Plug the power cord into an easily accessible grounded outlet.  
 Disconnect the power from the equipment by unplugging the power cord from 
the electrical outlet.  
4. Power on your computer and monitor. If your monitor displays an image, the installation has been 
successfully done. If the monitor does not display any image, check all the connections.  
 
 
Cautions:  1. For installation, please complete signal cord connection before plugging the power 
cord into the electrical outlet to avoid damaging the monitor.  
2. During installation, please support the front frame with your hand at i ts center of 
gravity to avoid dropping and damaging the monitor. Do not touch the surface of the LCD panel.  
Pressure on the panel may cause non- uniformity of color or disorientation 
of the liquid crystals. If this occurs the screen will not recover to its normal 
condition.  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
AC DVI VGA  
 
 
 
 5 
 
  
Overview of the ports of the monitor:  
1. AC power supply input  
2. DVI signal input  
3. VGA signal input  
 
 
 
 
2.3 Disconnect the pedestal for shipping 
 
 
 
  
Press the clip button on the pedestal and remove the pedestal from the stand.  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 6  
 
 
Chapter III.  Monitor overview  
 
 
  
Overview of front panel controls  
 
 
 
Control    Function  
1 
 Menu  Opens, select or exits the OSD menu  
2 — Minus If the OSD menu is on, press to navigate backward through 
the OSD menu and decrease adjustment  levels.  
3 
 Plus/input  If the OSD menu is on, press to navigate for ward through the 
OSD menu and increase adjustment  levels.  
If the OSD in inactive , press to activate the input button to 
select the video signal input (DVl or VGA) 
4 
/OK Auto/OK  If the OSD menu is on, press to select the highlighted menu 
items . 
If the OSD menu is  inactive , press to activate  the auto 
adjustment feature to optimize the screen image.  
5 
 Power  Turns the monitor on or off  
6  Power LED  Blue=Fully powered.  
Amber=Sleep mode.  
Flashing Amber=Sleep Timer mode.  7  
 
 
Chapter IV.  Operational Instruction  
 
 
 
4.1 Power ON/OFF Switch  
 
 
Press this button to power on/off your monitor. Note: The ON/OFF switch does not disconnect 
your monitor from the main voltage. To completely disconnect the main voltage, please remove 
the power plug from the socket.  
  
 
4.2 Power indicator  
 
 
The power LED is blue when the monitor operates normally. If the monitor runs in power -saving 
mode, this indicator changes to amber. When the monitor is turned off, this indicator is not lit.  
 
 
 
4.3 Menu features  
 
 
All the following features of your monitor can be accessed and adjusted by using the on screen display (menu) system.  
1. If your monitor is not powered on, press the "Power” button to turn it on.  
2. Press the "Menu” button to activate the OSD menu. The OSD main menu will be displayed.  
3. To view the main menu or submenu, press the “+” on the front panel of your monitor to scroll up or the “ -” to scroll down. Then press the "OK” button to select a highlighted function.  
When the highlight scrolls down to the bottom of the menu, it returns to top of the menu. When the highlight scrolls up to the top of the menu, it returns to bottom of the menu.  
4. To adjust the selected option, press the “+” or “ -” button.  
5. Select “Save” and return. If you do not want to save the setting, select “Cancel” from the submenu or “Exit” from the main menu.  
6. Press the “Menu” button to exit from the OSD menu.  8 4.4 OSD operational instructions  
 
 
Icon Main menu option  Submenu o ption  Note  
 Brightness   To adjust the brightness level of the 
screen. The factory default range is  90. 
 Contrast   To adjust the contrast level of the screen.  
The factory default range is  80. 
 Color   Selects the screen color.  The factory is 
6500K or C ustom color,  depending on the 
mode.  
  Warm - 5000K  Changes color to slightly reddish white.  
  Standard - 6500K  Uses standard colors (default).  
  Cool- 9300K  Change color to slightly blueish white.  
  Custom (RGB)  Selects and adjusts your own color scales:  
 
 
Red Color – sets your own red color 
levels.  
 
 
Green Color –  sets your own green color 
levels.  
 
 
Blue Color –  sets your own blue color 
levels.  
 Image control   To adjust the image on the screen. The 
ambient brightness sensor can also be 
enabled or disabled (only applicable to 
some models)  
  Auto-adjustment  To automatically adjust the image on the 
screen (only applicable to VGA input).  
  Clock and Phase  To adjust the clock phase of the screen.  
This adjustment eliminates all horizontal 
noises to enable clearer and more lifelike 
images and characters (only applicable to 
VGA input)  9  
  Horizontal position  To adjust the horizontal position of an 
image (only applicable to VGA input).  
  Vertical position  To adjust the vertical position of an image 
(only applicable to VGA input).  
  Custom Scaling Selects the method on how displayed 
information on the monitor will be 
formatted.  Select  
 
 
Fill to Screen –  image fills the entire 
screen and may look distorted or 
elongated because of  non-proportional 
scaling o f height and width.  
 
 
Fill to Aspect Ration –  image is sized to fit 
the screen and maintains proportional 
image.  
  Sharpness  Adjusts the screen image to look sharper 
or soft.(range:1~6)  
  Dynamic Contrast  Turns Dynamic Contrast Ratio On or Off.  
The fac tory default is Off.  
 OSD Control   Provides a menu for adjusting the 
on-screen display  (OSD)  control.  
  OSD position  To adjust OSD position for your monitor.  
  Horizontal OSD Position  To adjust the visual position of the OSD 
menu to the right or left  of the screen. The 
factory default horizontal position value is 
97. 
  Vertical OSD Position  To adjust the visual position of the OSD 
menu up or down the screen. The factory 
default vertical position value is 13.  
  OSD Transparency  To adjust the transp arency to enable 
transparent background information under 
the OSD. (range:0~7)  
  OSD Timeout  To set the OSD display time (in seconds) 
after the last pressing the button. The 
factory default setting is  “30 seconds”.  10  
 Management   To select the function of power 
management for your monitor.  
  Auto-Sleep Mode  To enable the energy -saving function, 
Select  
On 
off 
The factory default setting is On.  
  Power -On Recall  Restores power to the monitor following 
an unexpected removal of power. Select:  
 
On 
Off 
The factory default is On.  
  Mode Display  The resolution, refresh rate and frequency 
information will be displayed when the 
OSD main menu is accessed. Please 
select “On” or “Off” as the factory default 
on-off setting.  
  Monitor Status  The operational sta tus of your monitor will 
be displayed when you power on your 
monitor. To select the positions where the 
status information is displayed:  
Top 
Middle  
Bottom  
Off 
The factory default setting is “Top”  
  DDC/CI support  Controlling some OSD menu functions, 
such  as brightness, contrast and color 
temperature, on your computer is allowed.  
This feature can be set as “On” or “Off”. 
The factory default setting is On.  
  Bezel Power LED  Power on/off the indicator (LED) on the 
power button. If the indicator is set as 
“Off”, it will be off all the time.  
 11  
  Sleep timer  The following timer adjustment menu 
options are available:  
 
 
Set current time – to set the current time in 
hours and minutes.  
 
 
Set sleep time –  to set the desired time 
when your monitor works under the 
sleeping mode.  
  
Set On time –  to set the desired time when 
your monitor is awakened from the 
sleeping mode.  
  
Timer - Set “On’ or “Off” status for the 
Sleep Timer. The default setting is “Off”.  
 
 
Sleep Now – to activate the sleep mode 
for your monitor  
 Language   Selects the language in which the OSD 
menu is displayed.  The factory default is 
English.  
 Information   To select and display important 
information about your monitor.  
  Video Timing  Information  This is a list of parameters for timing  
 Factory Reset   The factory default settings will be reset  
 
Input Control   When the monitor is connected to two 
active and valid video sources, switching 
between the video input source is 
available. Switching the video input signal 
sources may take you severa l seconds.  
 EXIT   Exits the OSD menu screen.  12  
 
 
Chapter V.  Technical Information  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
5.1 Factory preset display mode  
 
 
Preset  Pixel Format  Horz Freq  
(KHz)  Horz 
Polarity  Vert Freq  
(Hz) Vert 
Polarity  Pixel Clk  
(MHz)  Source  
1 640 x 480  31.469  - 59.94 0 - 25.175  VGA  
2 720 x 400  31.469  - 70.087  + 28.322  VGA  
3 800 x 600  37.879  + 60.317  + 40.000  VESA  
4 1024 x 768  48.363  - 60.004  - 65.000  VESA  
5 1280 x 720  45.00  + 60.00  + 74.25  VESA/CE  
A-861D  
6 1280 x 1024  63.98  + 60.02  + 108.000  VESA  
7 1440 x 900  55.94 - 59.89  + 106.5  CVT 
1.30MA  
8 1600 x 900  60 + 60.00  + 108 VESA -RB 
 
 
 
Note: The factory preset display mode is subject to change without notice.  13 5.2 Product specifications  
 
 
Size 19.5" wide screen  
Max. resolution  1600 x 900 @ 60 Hz  
Recommended resolu tion 1600 x 900 @ 60 Hz  
Horizontal frequency  24-83 kHz  
Vertical frequency  50-75 Hz  
Viewable size  432.0 x 239.76 mm (INX)  
Viewable angle  90 (H)  50 (V)  
Pitching angle  -5º to 15º  
Pixel frequency  170 MHz  
OSD functions  Brightness, Contrast, Image Control , OSD control, Languages,  
Color, Management, Information, Factory Reset, Exit,  
Size (Packing)  538 (L) x 125(W) x 420 (H) mm  
Net weight/ Gross weight  2.8 KG / 4.2 KG  
Power supply  100-240VAC,50/60Hz  
Altitude (under operational condition)  0 ～ 5000 m (0 ～16400 feet)  
Altitude (under storing condition)  0 ～ 12192 m (0 ～ 40,000 feet)  
Input signal  VGA ; DVI  
Contrast  600: 1  
Brightness  200 cd/m2 
Response time  5 ms  
Color displayed  16.7 M  
Power (max)  20 W  
Operational environment  Temperature: 5- 35℃; humidity: 20% ~ 80%  
Storing environment  Temperature: -20-60℃; humidity: 5% ~ 95%  14 5.3 Signal cable connector 
 
 
  
PIN Signal  
1 Red Signal  
2 Green Signal  
3 Blue Signal  
4 Ground  
5 Cable testing  
6 Red Signal Ground  
7 Green Signal Ground  
8 Blue S ignal Ground  
9 5 VDC  
10 Null 
11 Ground  
12 SDA (for DDC)  
13 Horizontal synchronization  
14 Vertical synchronization  
15 SCL (for DDC)  
  
 
VGA Interface  15  
PIN SIGNAL  
1 TMDS Data 2 - 
2 TMDS Data 2 +  
3 TMDS Data 2 / 4 Shield  
4 TMDS Data 4 - 
5 TMDS D ata 4 +  
6 DDC Clock  
7 DDC Data  
8 No Connect  
9 TMDS Data 1 - 
10 TMDS Data 1 +  
11 TMDS Data 1 / 3 Shield  
12 TMDS Data 3 - 
13 TMDS Data 3 +  
14 +3.3/+5V Power (from PC)  
15 Ground (Return for +5V)  
16 Hot Plug Detect  
17 TMDS Data 0 - 
18 TMDS Data 0 + 
19 TMDS Data 0 / 5 Shield  
20 TMDS Data 5 - 
21 TMDS Data 5 +  
22 TMDS Clock Shield  
23 TMDS Clock +  
24 TMDS Clock - 
 
 
 
 
DVI Interface  
 
 
5.4 Panel testing  
 
 
The ratio of valid pixels on each LCD screen reaches 99.99% or higher. However, less than 0.01% of the pixels may cause dark dots displayed on the screen.  16 A Safety and Maintenance Guidelines  
 
 
 
Important Safety Information  
 
 
A power cord is included with the monitor. If another cord is used, use only a power source and 
connection appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with the 
monitor, refer to the “Power Cord Set Requirements” section in Agency Regulatory Notices.  
 
 
 
Warning!  To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:  
  
 Do not disa ble the power cord grounding feature. The grounding plug is an important 
safety feature.  
 Plug the power cord into an easily accessible grounded outlet.  
 Disconnect the power from the equipment by unplugging the power cord from the electrical  
outlet.  
 
 
 For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may 
accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging from the electrical outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.  
 
 
 
To reduce the ri sk of serious injury, read the Safety and Comfort Guide. It describes proper workstation, 
setup, posture, and health and work habits for computer users, and provides important electrical and mechanical safety information. This guide is located on the Web at
 http://www.hp.com/erg o and/or on the 
documentation disc, if one is included with the monitor.  
 
 
 CAUTION: For the protection of the monitor, as well as the computer, connect all power cords for the 
computer and its peripheral devices (such as a monitor, printer and scanner) to some form of surge protection device such as a power strip or Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). Not all power strips 
provide surge protection; the power strips must be specifically labeled as having this ability. Use a power 
strip whose manufacturer offers a Damage Replacement Policy so you can replace the equipment, if 
surge protection fails.  
 
 
Use the appropriate and correctly sized furniture designed to properly support your HP LCD monitor.  
 
 
WARNING! LCD monitors that are inappropriately situated on dressers, bookcases, shelves, desks, 
speakers, chests, or carts may fall over and cause personal injury.  
Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD monitor so that they can not be pulled, grabbed, or tripped over.  17 Safety Precautions  
□ Use only a power source and connection compatible with this monitor, as indicated on the 
label/back plate of the monitor.  
□ Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not exceed the current rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the  power cord does not exceed the rating of the power cord. Look on the power label to 
determine the ampere  rating (Amps or A) for each device.  
□ Install your monitor near a power outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by 
grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by 
pulling the cord.  
□ Do not allow anything to rest on the power  cord. Do not walk on the cord.  18 Maintenance Guidelines  
 
 
To enhance the performance and extend the life of your monitor:  
 Do not open your monitor cabinet or attempt to service this product yourself. Adjust only 
those controls that are covered in the operating instructions. If your monitor is not operating 
properly or has been dropped or damaged, contact your HP authorized dealer, reseller, or 
service provider.  
 Use only a power source and connection appropriate for this monitor, as indicated on the  
label/ back plate of the monitor.  
 Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not exceed the 
current rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected 
to the cord does not exceed the rating of t he cord. Check the power label to determine the 
ampere rating (AMPS or A) for each device.  
 Install your monitor near an outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by 
grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by 
pulling the cord.  
 Turn your monitor off when not in use. You can substantially increase the life expectancy of 
your monitor by using a screen saver program and turning off the monitor when not in use.  
Note: The HP Warranty does not cover monit ors with a burned- in image.  
 Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. These openings must not be 
blocked or covered. Never push objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.  
 Do not drop your monitor or place it on an unsta ble surface.  
 Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.  
 Keep your monitor in a well -ventilated area, away from excessive light, heat or moisture.  
 When removing the monitor base, you must lay the monitor face down on a soft ar ea to  
prevent it from being scratched, defaced, or broken.  
 
 
Cleaning your monitor  
1. Turn off the monitor and the computer.  
2. Unplug the monitor from the wall outlet.  
3. Clean the monitor plastics with a clean cloth dampened with water.  
4. Clean the monitor screen w ith an antistatic screen cleaner.  
CAUTION: Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, or any other volatile substances to clean the 
monitor or the screen. These chemicals may damage the cabinet finish as well as the screen.  
  
 
Shipping the monitor  
Keep the orig inal packing box in a storage area. You may need it later if you move or ship your 
monitor. To prepare the monitor for shipping, refer to Chapter 2, “Disconnect the Pedestal for Shipping.”  19 B Agency Regulatory Notices  
 
Federal Communications Commission Not ice 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant 
to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful 
interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio 
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful 
interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a 
particular installation.  
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference 
by one or more of the following measures:  
 Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.  
 Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.  
 Connect the equipment to an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is 
connected.  
 Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or television technician for help.  
 
Modifications  
 
The FCC requires the user to be notified that any changes or modifications made to this device that are not expressly approved by HP may void the user's authority to operate the equipment. 
 
Cables  
 To maintain compliance with FCC Rules and Regulations, connections to this device must be made with 
shielded cables having metallic RFI/EMI connector hoods.  
 
Declaration of Conformity for products marked with the FCC logo (United States 
only)  
 This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following 2 conditions:  
1. This device may not cause harmful interference.  
2. This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.  
If you have questions about the product that are not related to this declaration, write to  
Hewlett -Packard Company  
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113  
Houston, TX 77269- 2000  
For questions regarding this FCC declaration, write to 
Hewlett -Packard Compan y 
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 510101  
Houston, TX 77269- 2000  
or call HP at 281- 514-3333 
To identify your product, refer to the part, series, or model number located on the product.  20 Canadian Notice  
 
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements of t he Canadian Interference -Causing Equipment  
Regulations. CAN ICES -3(B)/NMB -3(B) 
 
Avis Canadien  
 Cet appareil numérique de la classe B respecte toutes les exigences du Règlement sur le matériel 
brouilleur du Canada.  
 Power Cord Set Requirements  
 
 
The monitor  power supply is provided with Automatic Line Switching (ALS). This feature allows the 
monitor to operate on input voltages between 100 –120V or 200– 240V.  
  The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) received with the monitor meets the requirements 
for use in the country where you purchased the equipment.  
 
 
If you need to obtain a power cord for a different country, you should purchase a power cord that is 
approved for use in that country.  
  The power cord must be rated for the product and for the voltage and current marked on the 
product's electrical ratings label. The voltage and current rating of the cord should be greater than 
the voltage and current rating marked on the product. In addition, the cross -sectional area of the 
wire must be a minimum of 0.75 mm² or 18 AWG, and the length of the cord must be between 6 
feet (1.8 m) and 12 feet (3.6 m).If you have questions about the type of power cord to use, contact an authorized HP service provider.  
  
A power cord should be routed so that it is not likely  to be walked on or pinched by items placed 
upon it or against it. Particular attention should be paid to the plug, electrical outlet, and the point where the cord exits from the product.  
 
日本語の通知  
 
朝鮮語の通知  
 
クラス Bデバイス  
 
(家庭用の放送通信装置 ) 本装置は家庭用の EMC登録登録 (クラス B)を取得しており、すべてのエリア
で使用できます。   
 
 
日本の電源コード要件  
日本で使用する場合、本製品に付属する電源コードのみを使用してください。 
 注意: 他の製品に、この製品に付属する電源コードを使用しないでください。  
 
 21 Product Environmental Notices  
 
HP Recycling Program  
 
 
HP encourages customers t o recycle used electronic hardware, HP original print cartridges, and 
rechargeable batteries. For more information about recycling programs, go t o http://www.hp.com/  
recycle.  
 
 
Chemical Substances  
 
 
HP is committed to prov iding our customers with information about the chemical substances in our 
products as needed to comply with legal requirements such as REACH (Regulation EC No  
1907/2006 of the European Parliament and Council). A chemical information report for this product  
can be found at http://www.hp.com/go/reach.  
 
Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS)  
 
 
A Japanese regulatory requirement, defined by specification JIS C 0950, 2005, mandates that 
manufacturers provide Material Content Declarations for certain categories of electronic products offered 
for sale after July 1, 2006. To view the JIS C 0950 material declaration for this product, 
visit http://www.hp.com/go/jisc0950.  
 
 
 22 
 
 
 
Disposal of Waste Equipment by Users in Private Household in the  European Union 
 
This symbol on the product or on its packaging indicates that this product must not be disposed of with 
your household waste. Instead, it is your responsibility to dispose of  your waste equipment by handing it 
over to a designated collection point for the recycling or waste electrical and electronic equipment. The 
separate collection and recycling of your waste equipment at the time of disposal will help to conserve 
natural resources and ensure that it is recycled in a manner that protects human health and the 
environment. For more information about where you can drop off your waste equipment for recycling, 
please contact the local city  23 C Troubleshooting  
 
 
Solving common probl ems 
 
Shown below are possible problems, reasons, and recommended solutions:  
 
 
Problems  Solutions  
The LED power 
indicator is not lit  Ensure the Power button is switched on and the power cord is properly  
connected to the grounded power outlet and the mo nitor.  
Select Management in the OSD menu before selecting the power indicator on 
the panel. Check if the Panel Power Indicator is set as Off. If so, set it as On.  
Nothing displayed on 
the screen  Connect the power cord. Power on the device.  
 
Connect the video cable correctly. For more information, see "Installation" 
chapter.  
 
Press any key on your keyboard or move your mouse to disable the 
screensaver.  
Blurred or dark image 
Image is not 
centered.  Press the Menu button to activate the OSD menu. Select Image Control. Then select Horizontal Position or Vertical Position to adjust the position of the image. 
 
The screen display input signal is out of 
the valid scope.  Connect the monitor VGA signal cable to the VGA connector on the computer. 
Be sure that the computer power is off while connecting the video cable.  
Enter Safe Mode after your computer is restarted. Apply the setting supported by your monitor (See table 5.1 in Chapter 5. B: Factory Preset Display Mode). Restart your computer to activate the new  setting.  
Blurred and ghost 
image.  Adjust the contrast and brightness controls.  
Make sure no extension cord or switch box is used. HP suggests you to connect 
your monitor to the graphic card output port on the back of your  computer.  
For VGA input, Auto -adjustment will solve problems of this kind.  
The optimum 
resolution of the 
monitor is not 
available  Make sure the graphic card supports optimum resolution.  
Make sure latest applicable driver for graphic card is installed. For HP and 
Compaq systems, yo u may download the latest applicable graphic card drivers  
at: www.hp.com/support . For other systems, visit the websites for your graphic  
card.  
 
 
Plug-and-play is not 
available  To enable the plug -and-play feature f or your monitor, you should have  
plug-and-play-ready computer and graphic card. Please contact the 
manufacturer of your computer.  
Check the video cable of your monitor. Make sure there are no bent PINs.  
Make sure the HP monitor driver is installed. You m ay download the HP 
monitor driver at: www.hp.com/support  24  
Problems  Solutions (Continued)  
Withering, flicker or moiré 
effect  Keep the monitor away from electric devices that may cause possible electrical interf erence.  
Use the maximum refresh rate of the mon itor under current resolution.  
 
The “Sleep Mode” is always 
enabled for the monitor 
(yellow LED).  Make sure your monitor is powered on.  
The graphic card of your computer should be secured in the slot.  
Make  sure the video cable of your monitor is correctly connected to your 
computer.  
Check the video cable of your monitor. Make sure there are no bent PINs.  
Make sure your computer is working normally. Press the Caps Lock key on your keyboard and have a look at the Caps Lock LED (available on 
most keyboards). The LED will light or fade out.  
 
Contacting Support  
 
You may contact the customer service department by visiting HP technical support website 
at: 
Select the country / territory where you are. Follow the link to visit pages applicable to your monitor.  www.hp.com/support  
 
Preparing to Call Technical Support  
If you cannot solve a problem by using the troubleshooting tips in this section, you might have to call technical support. For technical support cont act information, refer to the printed documentation 
included with the monitor.  
 Have the following information available when you call:  
□ Monitor model number (located on label on back of monitor)  
□ Monitor serial number (located on labe l on back of monitor or in the OSD display in the 
Information menu)  
□ Purchase date on invoice  
□ Conditions under which the problem occurred  
□ Error messages received  
□ Hardware configuration  
□ Name and version of hardw are and software you are using  
 
Locating the Rating Label  
The rating label on the monitor provides the product number and serial number. You may need these numbers when contacting HP about your monitor model.  
The rating label is on the back of the monitor.  User’s Guide
vf15/vf17 , FP15/FP17 , L1502/L1702, 
L1502m/L1702m, f1523/f1723, FP5315/FP7317 Flat Panel Monitors
Document Part Number: 322638-003
May 2003
This guide provides information on setting up the monitor, 
installing drivers, using the on-screen display menu, 
troubleshooting and technical specifications.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  © 2003 Hewlett-Packard Develoment Company, L.P.
HP, Hewlett Packard, and the Hewlett-Packard logo are trademarks of 
Hewlett-Packard Company in the U.S. and other countries.
Compaq and the Compaq logo are trademarks of Hewlett-Packard 
Development Company, L.P. in the U.S. and other countries.
Microsoft, Windows, and the Windows logo are trademarks of Microsoft 
Corporation in the U.S. and other countries.
All other product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their 
respective companies.
Hewlett-Packard Company shall not be liable for technical or editorial 
errors or omissions contained herein or for incidental or consequential 
damages in connection with the furnishing, performance, or use of this material. The information in this document is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a pa rticular purpose, and is subject to 
change without notice. The warranties for Hewlett-Packard products are set 
forth in the express limited warranty statements accompanying such products. Nothing herein should be cons trued as constituting an additional 
warranty.
This document contains proprietary information that is protected by 
copyright. No part of this documen t may be photocopied, reproduced, or 
translated to another language without the prior written consent of Hewlett-Packard Company.
ÅWARNING: Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to 
follow directions could result in bodily harm or loss of life.
ÄCAUTION: Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to follow 
directions could result in damage to equipment or loss of information.
User’s Guide
vf15/vf17 , FP15/FP17 , L1502/L1702, L1502m/L1702m, f1523/f1723, FP5315/FP7317 Flat Panel Monitors  
Third Edition (May 2003)
Document Part Number: 322638-003Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide iiiContents
1 Product Features
2 Safety and Maintenance Guidelines
Important Safety Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2–1
Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2–2
Cleaning the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2–4
Shipping the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  2–4
3 Setting Up the Monitor
Installing the Monitor Pedestal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3–1
Connecting the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3–4
Removing the Monitor Base  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3–7
Mounting the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3–9
4 Operating the Monitor
Installing the Information Files . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–1
Front Panel Components . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–2
Adjusting Monitor Settings . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–4
Using the On-Screen Display  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–5Adjusting Screen Quality. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–8
Optimizing Digital Conversion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–8
Identifying Monitor Conditions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–9
Sleep Timer Mode . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–10
sRGB Support  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–11
Changing the Color Temperature  . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  4–12Installing the sRGB ICM File for Microsoft Windows 98, Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide ivWindows ME, Windows 2000 and Windows XP . .  4–12
A Troubleshooting
Solving Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . A–1
Using the Worldwide Web. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . A–2
Preparing to call Technical Support. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . A–3
B Technical Specifications
Entering User Modes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . B–4
Energy Saver Feature. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . B–4
C Agency Regulatory Notices
Federal Communications Commission Notice. . . . . . . . . C–1
Modifications. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–1
Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–2
Declaration of Conformity for Products Marked with FCC 
Logo, United States Only. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–2
Canadian Notice  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–3
Avis Canadien . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–3
European Notice  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–3
Japanese Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–3
Korean Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–4
EPA Energy Star Compliance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–4
Power Cord Set Requirements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . C–4
D LCD Monitor Quality  
and Pixel PolicyDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide 1–11
Product Features
The Flat Panel Display has an active matrix, thin-film transistor 
(TFT), liquid crystal display (LCD). The monitor features 
include:
vf15, FP15, L1502, L1502m, f1523, and  
FP5315 Models
■15-inch (38.1 cm) viewable area display.
■1024 x 768 resolution, plus fu ll-screen support for lower 
resolutions.
■Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position, or moving side-to-side.
■Tilt adjustment capabilities.
■Removable pedestal and VESA 75mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
■Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
■On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments in the following six 
different languages: English, Dutch, French, German, Italian, 
and Spanish for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
■Software and Reference Library  CD includes an information 
file (INF), Image color Matching File (ICM), and product 
documentation.
■Energy Saver feature for Energy Star compliance.
■Security lock slotDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1–2 User’s GuideProduct Features
■AssetControl
■Speakers included on the front panel of the multimedia 
models only
■Compliant with the following regulated specifications:
❏EPA ENERGY STAR
❏European Union CE Directives
❏Swedish MPR II 1990
❏Swedish TCO Display Requirements
vf17, FP17, L1702, L1702m, f1723, and  
FP7317 Models
■17-inch (43.18 cm) viewable area display.
■1280 × 1024 native resolution, plus full-screen support for 
lower resolutions.
■Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or 
standing position, or moving side-to-side.
■Tilt adjustment capabilities.
■Removable pedestal and VESA 100mm mounting holes for 
flexible mounting solutions.
■Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
■On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments in English, Dutch, 
French, German, Italian, and Spanish for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
■Software and Reference Library  CD includes an information 
file (INF), Image Color Matching file (ICM), and product documentation.
■Energy Saver feature for Energy Star compliance.
■AssetControlDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Product Features
User’s Guide 1–3■Speakers included on the front panels of multimedia models 
only
■Compliant with the following regulated specifications:
❏EPA ENERGY STAR
❏European Union CE Directives 
❏Swedish MPR II 1990 
❏Swedish TCO Display RequirementsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide 2–12
Safety and Maintenance 
Guidelines
Important Safety Information
A power cord is included with your monitor. If another cord is 
used, use only a power source and connection appropriate for this 
monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with your monitor, refer to the “Power Cord Set Requirements” section 
in Appendix C.
ÅWARNING: To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to your 
equipment, do not disable the power cord grounding feature. This 
equipment is designed to be connected to a grounded (earthed) power outlet that is easily accessible to the operator. The grounding 
plug is an important safety feature.
ÅWARNING: For your safety, be sure that the power outlet you plug 
the power cord into is easily acce ssible and located as close to the 
equipment as possible. When you ne ed to disconnect the power to 
the equipment, unplug the power cord from the power outlet by 
grasping the plug firmly. Never pull on the cord.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2–2 User’s GuideSafety and Maintenance Guidelines
ÄCAUTION: For the protection of your monitor, as well as your 
computer, connect all power cords for your computer and its 
peripheral devices (such as a monitor, printer, scanner) to some form of surge protection device such as a power strip or Uninterruptible 
Power Supply (UPS). Not all power strips provide surge protection; 
the power strips must be specifically labeled as having this ability. Use a power strip whose manufacturer offers a Damage Replacement 
Policy so you can replace your equipment if surge protection fails.
Maintenance Guidelines
To enhance the performance and extend the life of your monitor:
■Do not open your monitor cabinet or attempt to service this 
product yourself. Adjust only those controls that are covered 
in the operating instructions. If your monitor is not operating 
properly or has been dropped or damaged, contact your HP authorized dealer, reseller, or service provider.
■Use only a power source and c onnection appropriate for this 
monitor, as indicated on the label/back plate of the monitor.
■Be sure the total ampere rating  of the products connected to 
the outlet does not exceed the current rating of the electrical 
outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the cord does not exceed the rating of the cord. Look on the 
power label to determine the ampere rating (AMPS or A) for 
each device.
■Install your monitor near an outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by 
pulling the cord.
■Turn your monitor off when not in use. You can substantially 
increase the life expectancy of your monitor by using a screen 
saver program and turning off the monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Safety and Maintenance Guidelines
User’s Guide 2–3■Unplug your monitor from the wall outlet before cleaning. 
Do not use liquid cleaners or aerosol cleaners. Use a damp 
cloth for cleaning. If the screen  requires additional cleaning, 
use an antistatic screen cleaner.
ÄCAUTION: Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, or any other 
volatile substances to clean your monitor or the screen. These 
chemicals may damage the cabinet finish as well as the screen.
■Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. 
These openings must not be blocked or covered. Never push 
objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.
■Do not drop your monitor or place it on an unstable surface.
■Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.
■Keep your monitor in a well-ventilated area, away from 
excessive light, heat or moisture. 
■When removing the monitor base, you must lay the monitor 
face down on a soft area to prevent it from getting scratched, 
defaced, or broken.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2–4 User’s GuideSafety and Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning the Monitor
To clean the monitor, follow these steps:
1. Turn off the monitor and the computer.
2. Dust the monitor by wiping the screen and the cabinet with a 
soft, clean cloth.
If the screen requires additiona l cleaning, use a clean cloth 
dampened with isopropyl alcohol.
ÄCAUTION: Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, or any volatile 
substance to clean the monitor screen or cabinet. These chemicals 
may damage the monitor. Never use water to clean an LCD screen.
Shipping the Monitor
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. You may need it 
later if you move or ship your monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide 3–13
Setting Up the Monitor
To set up the monitor, ensure that the power is turned off to the 
monitor, computer system, and other attached devices, then 
follow the steps below.
Installing the Monitor Pedestal
To install the monitor pedestal: 
1. Place the pedestal plate on your desktop or table and check to 
be sure the arrow on the underside of the plate is facing 
forward. 
Do not install the base if the monitor will be used on a wall, 
swing arm, or other mounting fixture; instead see the section on 
“Mounting the Monitor” in this chapter. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3–2 User’s GuideSetting Up the Monitor
2. Using both hands, position the monitor over the pedestal base 
and press down firmly to lock the pedestal base in place. 
When the base locks, it will make a clicking sound. Make 
sure the pedestal base is securely locked before continuing 
with the setup. 
Inserting the Monitor into the Pedestal Base
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor
User’s Guide 3–3If you need to remove the pedestal base, lay the monitor down on 
a soft protected surface. On the bottom side of the pedestal base, 
press together the two tabs as shown in the following illustration. 
This will release the pedestal from the base.
Removing the Pedestal Base
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3–4 User’s GuideSetting Up the Monitor
Connecting the Monitor
1. Place the monitor in a convenient, well-ventilated location 
near your computer.
2. Connect the monitor signal cable on the back of the monitor 
to the video connector on the rear panel of the computer.
3. Connect one end of the power cable to the back of the 
monitor, and the other end to an electrical wall outlet.
Connecting the VGA and Power Cables
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor
User’s Guide 3–54. If your monitor is a multimedi a model, connect one end of 
the audio cable to the back of the monitor, and the other end 
to the audio connector on the back of the computer.
Connecting the Audio Cable
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3–6 User’s GuideSetting Up the Monitor
5. Adjust the monitor as needed for your comfort using the 
monitor’s tilt adjustment capability.
Tilting the Monitor
ÄCAUTION: Burn-in image damage may occur on monitors that 
display the same static image on screen for a prolonged period of 
time. To avoid burn-in image damage on your monitor screen, you 
should always activate a screen saver application or turn off the monitor when it is not in use for a prolonged period of time. Image 
retention is a condition that may occur on all LCD screens.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor
User’s Guide 3–7ÅWARNING: To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to your 
equipment: 
■Do not disable the power cord grounding plug. The grounding 
plug is an important safety feature.
■Plug the power cord into a grounded (earthed) electrical outlet that is easily accessible at all times.
■Disconnect power from the monitor by unplugging the power 
cord from the electrical outlet.
■Do not place anything on powe r cords or cables. Arrange them 
so that no one may accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging from the electrical 
outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
Removing the Monitor Base
You can remove the monitor base to mount the monitor on a wall, 
a swing arm, or other mounting fixture. Read the Caution and 
Warning statements below before beginning the procedure. 
ÄCAUTION: Before beginning to disassemble the monitor, be sure 
the monitor is turned off and the power and signal cables are both 
disconnected. If your monitor has a connected audio cable, 
disconnect it. 
ÅWARNING: Do not remove the base from the monitor while the 
monitor is in the upright position. Lay the front bezel down on a soft 
area to prevent it from getting scratched, defaced, or broken. Before 
removing the monitor from the base, ensure that the base is set to the 
maximum base extension. Attempting to remove the monitor from the 
base while upright in the minimum base extension may result in injury 
to the user.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3–8 User’s GuideSetting Up the Monitor
1. Disconnect and remove the signal and power cables from the 
back of the monitor.
2. Remove the two screws 1 as shown in the following 
illustration.
Removing the Monitor Base
ÄCAUTION: Ensure that the bottom of the monitor base is positioned 
over a table or desktop before removing the base from the monitor.
3. Remove the monitor base from the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor
User’s Guide 3–9Mounting the Monitor
1. Remove the monitor base. Refer to “Removing the Monior 
Base” steps in the previous section.
After the base is removed from the monitor, four threaded 
mounting holes are exposed on the monitor back panel to be used for mounting purposes. These mounting holes are 
spaced 75 or 100mm apart and are compliant with the Video 
Electronics Standards Association (VESA) standard for mounting flat panel displays . The 75mm VESA hole pattern 
supports the 15” monitors only, and the 100mm hole pattern 
supports the 17” monitors only.
2. Mount the monitor to a swing arm or other mounting fixture 
by following the instructions included with the mounting 
fixture to be used.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide 4–14
Operating the Monitor
Installing the Information Files
The CD-ROM included with this monitor contains two 
information files to be installed onto your computer; an .INF file and an .ICM file. 
■The .INF file defines monitor resources and provides specifications used by most operating systems to install support software for certain hardware devices. The .INF file 
ensures monitor compatibility and optimization with your 
computer’s graphics adapter. INF files are also downloadable by clicking on: 
http://www.hp.com/go/support  and selecting the 
desired monitor.
■The .ICM file provides color matching consistency from 
monitor screen to printer and is activated from within 
graphics programs that have this feature. 
To install these files on your computer, insert the Software and 
Reference Library  CD in your computer CD-ROM drive. When 
the CD menu launches, select  “Install INF and ICM Files” and 
follow the on-screen instructions.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4–2 User’s GuideOperating the Monitor
Front Panel Components
L1502m, L1702m, f1523, f1723, FP5315, and FP7317 Monitors
‘
No. Control Function
1 Speakers Audio feature for music, alarms, etc.  
(multimedia models only)
2
(Headphone jack)Connects a headphone set to the monitor.
3 Menu button Launches the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu and 
selects functions.
4 – (Minus button)  When OSD is inactive, auto-adjusts the screen 
image.
 When OSD is active, navigates in reverse 
through the OSD and adjusts OSD scale settings.
5 + (Plus button) When the OSD is active, navigates through the OSD 
and adjusts OSD scale settings. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor
User’s Guide 4–3FP15, FP17 , L1502, L1702, vf15, and vf17 Monitors6
(Volume control)Controls the volume level of the monitor speakers.
7 Power LED Fully powered = Green.  
Sleep mode = Amber.  
Sleep Timer mode = Flashing Amber.
8 Power Switch Powers the monitor on and off.No. Control Function
No. Control Function
1 Menu button Launches the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu and 
selects functions.
2 – (Minus button)  When OSD is inactive, auto-adjusts the screen 
image.
 When OSD is active, navigates in reverse through 
the OSD and adjusts OSD scale settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4–4 User’s GuideOperating the Monitor
Adjusting Monitor Settings
Use the On-Screen Display (OSD) to adjust the screen image 
based on your viewing preferences. To access the OSD, do the 
following:
1. If the monitor is not already on, press the Power switch to 
turn on the monitor.
2. To access the OSD Menu, press the Menu button on the 
monitor’s front panel. 3 + (Plus button) When the OSD is active, navigates through the OSD 
and adjusts OSD scale settings. 
4 Power LED Fully powered = Green.  
Sleep mode = Amber.  
Sleep Timer mode = Flashing Amber.
5 Power Switch Powers the monitor on and off.No. Control Function
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor
User’s Guide 4–53. To navigate through the OSD Menu, press the + (Plus) button 
on the monitor’s front panel to scroll up, or the – (Minus) 
button to scroll in reverse.
4. To select an item from the OSD Menu, use the + or – buttons 
to scroll to and highlight your selection, then press the Menu 
button to select that function.
5. Adjust the item using the + or – buttons on the front panel to 
adjust the scale.
6. After adjusting the function, select Save and Return, or 
Cancel if you don’t want to save the setting, then select Exit 
from the Main Menu.
✎If the buttons remain untouched for 10 seconds while displaying a 
menu, new adjustments will be di scarded and the settings will 
revert to previous settings and exit the menu.
Using the On-Screen Display 
There are two On-Screen Display menus available; one for basic 
adjustments, and one for advanced adjustments.
To access the Basic OSD Menu, press the menu button on the 
monitor's front panel. 
Basic OSD Menu Levels
Menu Level 1 Menu Level 2
Brightness Adjustment Scale
Contrast Adjustment ScaleAuto AdjustmentDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4–6 User’s GuideOperating the Monitor
To access the Advanced OSD Menu, press the menu button again, 
or select Advanced Menu from the Basic OSD Menu.
✎After selecting the Advanced Menu from the Basic Menu, the 
Advanced Menu remains the default OSD on subsequent 
power-ups of the monitor until the Basic Menu is selected or 
Factory Reset is applied.
The Advanced OSD Menu has up to three sublevels and can be 
viewed in one of six available languages. The following table 
provides the menus and their functions at each level:Advanced Menu
ExitBasic OSD Menu Levels
Menu Level 1 Menu Level 2
Advanced OSD Menu Levels 
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Factory 
Reset
Brightness Adjustment Scale Y
Contrast Adjustment Scale Y
Image Control Auto Adjustment “Adjusting” Message Y
Horizontal Position Adjustment Scale Y
Vertical Position Adjustment Scale Y
Clock Adjustment Scale Y
Clock Phase Adjustment Scale Y
Cancel
Save and ReturnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor
User’s Guide 4–7Color 9300 K Y 
(FP5315, FP7317 , 
FP15, FP17 , 
f1523, f1723, 
vf15, vf17 
models)
6500 K - sRGB Y
(L1502, L1702, 
L1502m, L1702m 
models)
Custom Color Custom Color Adjustment
Cancel
Save and Return
Language Deutsch
English N
Espanol
Francais
Italiano
Nederlands
Cancel
Save and Return
Management Power Saver On / Off Selection N
Power On Recall On / Off Selection N
Mode Display On / Off Selection N
Sleep Timer Timer Menu
Basic Menu
Cancel
Save and Return
OSD Control Horizontal Position Adjustment Scale N
Vertical Position Adjustment Scale N
OSD Timeout Adjustment Scale NAdvanced OSD Menu Levels (Continued)
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Factory 
ResetDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4–8 User’s GuideOperating the Monitor
Adjusting Screen Quality
Allow the monitor to warm up for 20 minutes before performing 
the following procedures. 
The Auto-adjustment feature automatically fine-tunes the image 
quality each time a new video m ode is displayed. If additional 
image quality improvement is desired, run the Auto-Adjust software on the CD and press the – (Minus) button on the monitor 
front panel to manually activate the Auto-Adjustment function. 
For more precise adjustments, run the Auto-Adjust software on 
the CD, and use the Clock and Phas e controls of the monitor to 
fine-tune the image. 
Optimizing Digital Conversion
This monitor contains advanced circuitry that allows the flat 
panel screen to function like a standard monitor. Two controls in the on-screen display can be adjusted to improve image 
performance: Clock and Clock Ph ase. Use these controls only 
when the auto-adjust function does not provide a satisfactory image.
✎The Clock must first be set correctly since the Clock Phase 
settings are dependent on the main Clock setting.Cancel
Save and Return
Factory Reset Yes
No
Exit Advanced OSD Menu Levels (Continued)
 Level 1  Level 2  Level 3 Factory 
ResetDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor
User’s Guide 4–9■Clock—Increase/decrease the value to minimize any vertical 
bars or stripes visible on the screen background.
■Clock Phase—Increase/decrease the value to minimize video distortion or video jitter.
✎When using the controls, you will obtain the best results by using 
the Auto-Adjustment software.
✎When adjusting the Clock and Clock Phase values, if the monitor images become distorted, continue adjusting the values until the 
distortion disappears. To restore the factory settings, select Yes 
from the Factory Reset menu in the on-screen display. 
Identifying Monitor Conditions
Special messages will appear on the monitor screen when identifying the following monitor conditions:
■Input Signal Out of Range— Indicates the monitor does not 
support the input signal because the resolution and/or refresh 
rate are set higher than the monitor supports. For 15” 
monitors, set the resolution and refresh rate to 1024 x 768 at 60 Hz. For 17” monitors, set the resolution and refresh rate 
for 1280 x 1024 at 60 Hz. Restart your computer for the new 
settings take effect.
■Going to Sleep— Indicates the screen display is entering a 
sleep mode.
■Check Video Cable— Indicates the video cable is not 
properly connected to the computer.
■OSD Lock—The OSD can be enabled or disabled by pressing and holding the Menu button on the front panel for 10 
seconds. If the OSD is locked, the warning message “OSD 
Lock” displays for ten seconds.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4–10 User’s GuideOperating the Monitor
❏If the OSD is locked, press and hold the Menu button for 
10 seconds to unlock the OSD.
❏If the OSD is unlocked, press and hold the Menu button for 10 seconds to lock the OSD.
Sleep Timer Mode
The Sleep Timer mode is an energy-saving feature that enables you to set a time for the monitor to power on and off at the same 
time every day. This also extends the life of the backlight bulbs in 
the monitor. The Sleep Timer has five settings:
■Set Current Time
■Set Sleep Time
■Set On Time
■Timer: On/Off
■Sleep Now
To set the timer: 
1. Press the Menu button on the monitor front panel to display 
the Advanced Menu.
2. Scroll down and highlight Management.
3. Press the Menu button to select Management. 
4. Scroll down and highlight and select Sleep Timer > Set 
Current Time.
✎You must set the current local time before you reset the time for 
Sleep Time or On Time. Note that the time is displayed in a 24 
hour clock format. For example, 1:15 p.m. displays as 13 hours 
15 minutes.
5. Press the Menu button once to enter the adjustment mode for 
hours.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor
User’s Guide 4–116. Press the - (Minus) or + (Plu s) buttons to adjust the hour.
7. Press the Menu button again to enter the time for minutes.
8. Press the - (Minus) or + (Plus)  buttons to adjust the minutes.
9. Press the Menu button to lock in the time chosen.
10. After setting the current time, the highlight automatically 
skips to Set Sleep Time hours. Repeat steps 6 through 9 to set Sleep Time.
11. If you do not want to set Sleep Time, press the Menu button 
twice, then select Save and Return to exit the menu.
12. After setting Sleep Time, the highlight automatically skips to 
Set On Time hours. Repeat step s 6 through 9 to set On Time.
13. Set the Timer mode to On to activate the Sleep Timer 
settings.
14. When you are finished, select Save and Return to exit the 
menu.
The fifth selection, Sleep Now, turns the monitor backlights off 
immediately and stays in sleep mode until the next On Time activates or a monitor button is pressed. 
sRGB Support
The monitor is designed to support sRGB for color management, 
which adapts to the color standards used in the image technology 
industry. Additional information on sRGB is available on 
www.srgb.com  (English only). 
To take advantage of the sRGB support, you will need to change 
your monitor’s color temperature to 6500 K - sRGB and install 
the sRGB color profile (ICM) file.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4–12 User’s GuideOperating the Monitor
Changing the Color Temperature
✎These steps are not necessary for the L1502, L1502m, L1702 and 
L1702m models. When the color temperature is changed to  
6500 K - sRGB, there will be a small reduction in brightness.
1. Press the Menu button on the front panel of the monitor to 
launch the Main Menu of the OSD.
2. Select Advanced Menu to access all options in the Main 
Menu.
3. Select Color to display the Color Temperature menu.4. Select 6500 K - sRGB.
5. Select Save and Return to exit the menu.
Installing the sRGB ICM File for Microsoft 
Windows 98, Windows ME, Windows 2000 and Windows XP
✎To complete the following procedure, you must be logged in as an 
administrator or a member of the administrator’s group. If the computer is connected to a netw ork, network policy settings may 
prevent you from completing this procedure.  
 The sRGB ICM file does not support Windows 95 and Windows 
NT operating systems
1. Click the Display icon in the Control Panel.
2. In the Display Properties windows, select the Settings  tab, 
then click the Advanced  button.
3. Select the Color Management  tab, then click the Add button 
to open the Add Profile Association dialog box.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor
User’s Guide 4–134. Select the “sRGB Color Space Profile.icm” file, then click 
the Add button
5. To activate a color profile for your monitor, you must set it as 
the Default Monitor Profile. Select “sRGB Color Space 
Profile,” then click Set as Default  button.
6. Click Apply  or OK.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide A–1A
Troubleshooting
Solving Common Problems
The following table lists possible problems, the possible cause of 
each problem, and the recommended solutions. 
Problem Possible Cause Solution
Screen is blank. Power cord is 
disconnected.Connect the power cord.
Power switch is turned 
off.Turn on the power.
Video cable is 
improperly connected.Connect the video cable 
properly. Refer to Chapter 3, 
Setting Up the Monitor,  for 
more information.
Screen blanking utility is 
active.Depress any key on the 
keyboard or move the mouse to inactivate the 
screen blanking utility.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  A–2 User’s GuideTroubleshooting
Using the Worldwide Web
Before contacting customer services, refer to the support Web site 
at: http://www.hp.com/go/supportImage appears 
blurred, indistinct, or 
too dark.Brightness and contrast 
are too low.Press the Minus button on 
the monitor front panel to 
auto-adjust the screen. If that 
doesn’t work, press the Menu button to open the 
Basic OSD Menu, and 
adjust the brightness and contrast scales as needed.
Image is not 
centered.Position may need 
adjustment.Press the Menu button to 
access the Advanced OSD 
menu. Select Image Control/Horizontal Position 
or Vertical Position to adjust 
the horizontal or vertical position of the image.
“Check Video 
Cable” is displayed on screen.Monitor video cable is 
disconnected.Connect the 15-pin monitor 
video cable to the VGA connector on the computer. 
Be sure that the computer 
power is off while connecting the video cable.
“Input Signal Out of 
Range” is displayed on screen.Video resolution and/or 
refresh rate are set higher than what your 
monitor supports.Restart your computer and 
enter Windows Safe Mode by pressing the F6 Function 
key when the computer starts 
to boot up. Change your settings to a supported 
setting . Restart your 
computer so that the new settings take effect.Problem Possible Cause SolutionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting
User’s Guide A–3Preparing to call Technical Support
If you cannot solve a problem using the troubleshooting tips in 
this section, you may need to call technical support. Have the following information available when you call:
■The monitor
■Monitor model number (on front and back panel)
■Serial number for the monitor (on back panel)
■Purchase date on invoice
■Conditions under which the problem occurred
■Error messages received
■Hardware configuration (found on Windows Control Panel)
■Hardware and software you are using Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide B–1B
Technical Specifications
vf15, FP15, L1502, L1502m, f1523, and  
FP5315 Models
15-inch Flat Panel Monitors  
Display
Type15.0 inches
TFT LCD 38.1 cm
Viewable Image Size 15.0-inch diagonal  38.1 cm
Tilt --5 to 30o 
Maximum Weight
(Unpacked) 9.15 lbs. 4.15 kg (unpacked)
Dimensions (includes pedestal)
Height
Depth
Width14.01 inches
7.5  i n ch es
13.6 inches356 mm
190 mm
345 mm
Preferred Mode 1024 x 768 (60 Hz) Text Mode 720 x 400Dot Pitch 0.297 (H) x 0.297 (W) mmHorizontal Frequency 30 to 61 kHzVertical Refresh Rate 56 to 76 HzDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  B–2 User’s GuideTechnical Specifications
Environmental Requirements
Temperature:
Operating TemperatureNon-operating Temperature 
41to 95
o F
--4 to 140o F 
5 to 35o C
--20 to +60o C
Relative Humidity 20 to 80%
Altitude:
OperatingNon-operating0 to 12,000 feet
0 to 40,000 feet0 to 3657 .6 m
0 to12192 m
Power Source 100 –- 240 VAC, 50 – 60 HzPower Consumption <40  watts typical
Input Terminals 15-pin D-type connector with cable included.vf15, FP15, L1502, L1502m, f1523, and  
FP5315 Models
15-inch Flat Panel Monitors  (Continued)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Technical Specifications
User’s Guide B–3vf17, FP17, L1702, L1702m, f1723, and  
FP7317 Models
17-inch Flat Panel Monitors  
Display
Type17 .0 inches
TFT LCD 43.18 cm
Viewable Image Size 17 .0-inch diagonal  43.18 cm
Tilt --5 to 30o 
Maximum Weight
(Unpacked) 13.2 lbs.  6.0 kg (unpacked)
Dimensions (include pedestal)
Height
Depth
Width15.9 inches
7. 8  i n ch es
14.9 inches405 mm
198 mm
379 mm
Preferred Mode 1280 x 1024 (60 Hz) Text Mode 720 x 400Dot Pitch 0.264 (H) x 0.264 (W) mmHorizontal Frequency 30 to 81 kHzVertical Refresh Rate 56 to 76 HzEnvironmental Requirements
Temperature:
Operating TemperatureNon-operating Temperature 
41 to 95
o F
-4 to 140o F 
5 to 35o C
--20 to +60o C
Relative Humidity 20 to 80%
Power Source 100 – 240 VAC, 50 – 60 HzDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  B–4 User’s GuideTechnical Specifications
Entering User ModesThe video controller signal may occasionally call for a mode that 
is not preset if:
■You are not using a standard graphics adapter.
■You are not using a preset mode.
If this occurs, you may need to re adjust the parameters of the 
monitor screen by using the on-screen display. Your changes can be made to any or all of these modes and saved in memory. The 
monitor automatically stores the new setting, then recognizes the 
new mode just as it does a preset mode. In addition to the 16 
factory preset modes, there are four user modes that can be 
entered and stored. 
Energy Saver Feature
When the monitor is in its normal operating mode, the Power light is green.
The monitor also supports a reduced power state. The reduced 
power state is entered into if the monitor detects the absence of 
either the horizontal sync signal and/or the vertical sync signal. 
Upon detecting the absence of these signals, the monitor screen 
blanks, the backlight turns off, and the Power light turns amber. Altitude:
Operating
Non-operating0 to 12,000 feet
0 to 40,000 feet0 to 3657 .6 m
0 to12192 m
Power Consumption <50 watts typicalInput Terminal 15-pin D-type connector with cable included.vf17, FP17, L1702, L1702m, f1723, and  
FP7317 Models
17-inch Flat Panel Monitors  (Continued)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Technical Specifications
User’s Guide B–5When the monitor is in the reduced power state, the monitor 
utilizes less than 2 watts of power. There is a brief warm up 
period before the monitor returns to its normal operating mode.
Refer to your computer manual for instructions on setting energy 
saver features (sometimes calle d power management features).
✎The above energy saver feature only works when connected to 
computers that have energy saver features.
By selecting settings in the monitor’s Energy Saver utility, you 
can also program the monitor to  enter into the reduced power 
state at a predetermined time. When the monitor’s Energy Saver 
utility causes the monitor to enter the reduced power state, the 
power light blinks amber.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide C–1C
Agency Regulatory Notices
Federal Communications 
Commission Notice
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the 
limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment genera tes, uses, and can radiate radio 
frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may caus e harmful interference to radio 
communications. However, there is  no guarantee that interference 
will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
■Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
■Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
■Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
■Consult the dealer or an experienced radio or television technician for help.
Modifications
The FCC requires the user to be notified that any changes or modifications made to this device that are not expressly approved by Hewlett Packard Company may void the user's authority to operate the equipment.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  C–2 User’s GuideAgency Regulatory Notices
Cables
Connections to this device must be made with shielded cables 
with metallic RFI/EMI connector hoods to maintain compliance 
with FCC Rules and Regulations.
Declaration of Conformity for 
Products Marked with FCC Logo, 
United States Only
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is 
subject to the following  two conditions: (1) this device may not 
cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any 
interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
For questions regarding your product, contact:
Hewlett Packard Company  
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113  
Houston, Texas  77269-2000
Or, call1
1-800- 652-6672
For questions regarding this FCC declaration, contact:
Hewlett Packard Company  
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop  510101  
Houston,  Texas  77269-2000
Or, call
(281) 514-3333
To identify this product, refer to the Part, Series, or Model 
number found on the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Agency Regulatory Notices
User’s Guide C–3Canadian Notice
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements of the 
Canadian Interference-Causing Equipment Regulations.
Avis Canadien
Cet appareil numérique de la classe B respecte toutes les 
exigences du Règlement sur le matériel brouilleur du Canada.
European Notice
Products with the CE Marking comply with both the EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) and the Low V oltage Directive 
(73/23/EEC) issued by the Commission of the European 
Community.
Compliance with these directives implies conformity to the 
following European Norms (in brackets are the equivalent 
international standards):
■EN55022 (CISPR 22) - Electromagnetic Interference
■EN55024 (IEC61000-4-2,3,4,5,6,8,11) - Electromagnetic Immunity
■EN61000-3-2 (IEC61000-3-2) – Power Line Harmonics
■EN61000-3-3 (IEC61000-3-3) – Power Line Flicker
■EN60950 (IEC950) - Product Safety
Japanese NoticeDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  C–4 User’s GuideAgency Regulatory Notices
Korean Notice
EPA Energy Star Compliance
Monitors that are marked with the Energy Star Logo meet the 
requirements of the EPA Energy Star program. As an Energy Star 
Partner, Hewlett Packard Company has determined that this product meets the Energy Star guidelines for energy efficiency. 
Specific details on using the Energy Saving features can be found 
in the energy saver or power management section of the computer manual.
Power Cord Set Requirements
The monitor power supply is provided with Automatic Line Switching (ALS). This feature allo ws the monitor to operate on 
input voltages between 100-120V or 200-240V .
The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) received with the 
monitor meets the requirements for use in the country where you 
purchased the equipment.
If you need to obtain a power cord for a different country, you 
should purchase a power cord that is approved for use in that 
country.
The power cord must be rated for the product and for the voltage 
and current marked on the product's electrical ratings label. The 
voltage and current rating of the cord should be greater than the voltage and current rating marked on the product. In addition, the 
cross-sectional area of the wire must be a minimum of 0.75 mm² 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Agency Regulatory Notices
User’s Guide C–5or 18AWG, and the length of the cord must be between 6 feet 
(1.8 m) and 12 feet (3.6 m). If you have questions about the type 
of power cord to use, contact your HP authorized service 
provider.
A power cord should be routed so that it is not likely to be walked 
on or pinched by items placed upon  it or against it. Particular 
attention should be paid to the plug, electrical outlet, and the 
point where the cord exits from the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User’s Guide D–1D
LCD Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy 
The TFT monitor uses high-precision technology, manufactured 
according to HP standards, to guarantee trouble-free 
performance. Nevertheless, the display may have cosmetic 
imperfections that appear as small bright or dark spots. This is 
common to all LCD displays us ed in products supplied by all 
vendors and is not specific to the HP LCD. These imperfections 
are caused by one or more defective pixels or sub-pixels.
■A pixel consists of one red,  one green, and one blue 
sub-pixel.
■A defective whole pixel is always turned on (a bright spot on 
a dark background), or it is always off (a dark spot on a bright 
background). The first is the more visible of the two.
■A defective sub-pixel (dot defect) is less visible than a 
defective whole pixel and is small and only visible on a 
specific background.
The HP display does not have more than:
■3 bright dots.
■5 dark dots.
■5 total bright and dark dots.
■No more than two adjacent (less than 2.5 mm edge-to-edge) 
defective pixels.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  D–2 User’s GuideLCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
To locate defective pixels, the monitor should be viewed under 
normal operating conditions, in normal operating mode at a 
supported resolution and refresh rate, from a distance of 
approximately 50 cm (16 in.).
HP expects that, over time, the industry will continue to improve 
its ability to produce LCDs with fewer cosmetic imperfections 
and HP will adjust guidelines as improvements are made.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2011x/2011s
2211f/2211x2311cm/2311f/2311x
2511x
2711xLCD Monitors
User GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  © 2010, 2011 Hewlett-Packard
Development Company, L.P.
Microsoft® and Windows® are U.S.
registered trademarks of MicrosoftCorporation.
ENERGY STAR and the ENERGY STAR mark
are registered U.S. marks.
Bluetooth is a trademark owned by its
proprietor and used by Hewlett-Packard
Company under license.
The only warranties for HP products and
services are set forth in the express warranty
statements accompanying such products and
services. Nothing herein should be
construed as constituting an additional
warranty. HP shall not be liable for technicalor editorial errors or omissions containedherein.
This document contains proprietary
information that is pr otected by copyright.
No part of this document may be
photocopied, reproduced, or translated to
another language without the prior written
consent of Hewlett-Packard Company.
Third Edition (June 2011)Document Part Number: 619141-003Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About This Guide
This guide provides information on safety and main tenance, setting up the LCD monitor, installing
drivers, using the on-screen display menu, troubleshooting and technical specifications.
WARNING! Text set off in this manner indicates that fail ure to follow directions could result in bodily
harm or loss of life.
CAUTION: Text set off in this manner in dicates that failure to follow directions could result in damage
to equipment or loss of information.
NOTE: Text set off in this manner provides  important supplemental information.
TIP: Tips provide helpful hints or shortcuts.
ENWW iiiDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  iv   About This Guide ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table of contents
1  Product Features ........................................................................................................... .... 1
LCD Monitors .................................................................................................................. ........ 1
2  Safety and Maintenance Guidelines .................................................................................. 3
Important Safety Information .................................................................................................. .... 3
Safety Precautions ............................................................................................................ ........ 3
Maintenance Guidelines ........................................................................................................ ... 4
Cleaning the Monitor .................................... ............................................................. 5
Shipping the Monitor ................................................................................................. 5
3  Setting Up the Monitor ..................................................................................................... . 6
Unpacking the Monitor ......................................................................................................... .... 6
Assembling the Monitor ........................................................................................................ .... 6
Connecting Monitor Cables ..................................................................................................... .. 7
Connecting the VGA Video Cable ... ............................................................................ 8
Connecting the DVI-D Video Cable (Select Models) ....................................................... 9
Connecting the HDMI Cable (Select Models) .............................................................. 10
Getting HDMI Sound ................................................................................ 10
Connecting the Power Cord ..... ................................................................................. 11
Installing the Cable Management Clip ....................................................................... 12
High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection (HDCP) select models ......................... ........................ 12
Turning on the Monitor ........................................................................................................ ... 13
Selecting Video Input Connectors ............................................................................................. 13
Adjusting The Tilt ............................................................................................................ ....... 14
Connecting External Speakers and Audio Cable (Select Models) .................................................. 15
Wall Mounting the Monitor Panel ............................................................................................ 15
4  Operating the Monitor .................................................................................................... 1 8
CD Software and Utilities ..................................................................................................... ... 18
Installing Drivers ..................................................................................................... 18
Front-Panel Controls .......................................................................................................... ...... 19
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) ......................................................................................... 19Identifying Monitor Conditions ................................................................................................ . 24
Power-Saver Feature ........................................................................................................... .... 25
ENWW vDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix A  Troubleshooting .............................................................................................  26
Solving Common Problems ...................................................................................................... 26
Getting Support from hp.com .................................................................................................. 28
Preparing to Call Technical Support ......................................................................................... 2 8
Locating the Rating Label ..................................................................................................... ... 28
Appendix B  Technical Specifications ................................................................................... 29
HP LCD Monitors ............................................................................................................... .... 29
Preset Video Modes ............................................................................................................ ... 33
Entering User Modes ........................................................................................................... ... 34
Power Adapters ................................................................................................................ ..... 35
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy ....................................................................................... 35
Appendix C  Agency Regulatory Notices ............................................................................. 36
Federal Communications Commission Notice ............................................................................ 36
Modifications ......................................................................................................... 36
Cables ................................................................................................................... 36
Declaration of Conformity for Products Marked with the FCC Logo (United States Only) .................. 36Canadian Notice ............................................................................................................... .... 37
Avis Canadien ................................................................................................................. ...... 37
European Union Regulatory Notice .......................................................................................... 37German Ergonomics Notice .................................................................................................... 3 8
Japanese Notice ............................................................................................................... ..... 38
Korean Notice ................................................................................................................. ...... 38
Power Cord Set Requirements .................................................................................................. 38
Japanese Power Cord Requirements .......................................................................... 39
Product Environmental Notices .................................................................................................  39
ENERGY STAR® Qualification .................................................................................. 39
Disposal of Waste Equipment by Users in Private Household in the European Union ........ 40
Chemical Substances ............................................................................................... 40HP Recycling Program ............................................................................................. 40
Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) ............................................................... 41
Turkey EEE Regulation ............................................................................................. 41
vi ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1 Product Features
LCD Monitors
Figure 1-1   LCD Monitors
The HP LCD (liquid crystal display) monitors have an active matrix, thin-film tr ansistor (TFT) screen with
an LED backlight and the following features:
●Large diagonal display
●Maximum graphics resolution
◦2011x / 2011s: 1600 x 900 @ 60Hz
◦2211f / 2211x: 1920 x 1080 @ 60Hz
◦2311cm / 2311f / 2311x: 1920 x 1080 @ 60Hz
◦2511x: 1920 x 1080 @ 60Hz
◦2711x: 1920 x 1080 @ 60Hz
◦Plus full-screen support for lower resolutions (all models)
●Video graphics array (VGA) input signal
●Digital visual interface (DVI) digi tal input signal (select models)
●High-definition multimedia interface (HDMI) input signal (select models)
●Tilt and Slide adjustment for easy viewing from a sitting or standing position, or while moving from
one side of the monitor to the other
ENWW LCD Monitors 1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ●Dynamic contrast ratio (DCR) to provide deeper blacks and brighter whites for brilliant shading
effects while gaming or watching movies
●External USB powered speakers with audio cable provided  (select models)
●Plug and Play capability, if supported by your computer system
●On-screen display (OSD) adjustments  for ease of setup and screen optimization (choose English,
Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, French , German, Italian, Spanis h, Dutch, Japanese, or
Brazilian Portuguese)
●Power Saver to reduce energy consumption
●Quick View Settings to  optimize the picture based on the different types of content.
◦Text mode (optimizes e-mail and Web surfing)
◦Movie and Game modes (highlights the picture for motion video)
◦Photo mode (improves images)
◦Custom mode (allows you to crea te your own optimized profile)
●High-bandwidth digital content protection (HDCP) on DVI and HDMI (for select models with HDMI)
inputs
●Software and utilities CD, containing the following:
◦Drivers
◦Documents
2 Chapter 1   Product Features ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2 Safety and Maintenance Guidelines
Important Safety Information
A power cord is included with the monitor. If anothe r cord is used, be sure that the power source and
connection are appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with
the monitor, see Power Cord Set Requirements on page 38.
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
Do not disable the power-cord grou nding plug. The grounding plug is an important safety feature. Plug
the power cord into a grounded  (earthed) electrical outlet.
• Plug the power cord in a grounded (earthed) ou tlet that is easily accessible at all times.
• Disconnect power from the prod uct by unplugging the power cord from the electrical outlet.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cabl es. Arrange them so that no one might
accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pu ll on a cord or cable. When unplugging from the
electrical outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
To reduce the risk of serious injury, read the Safety and Comfort Guide . It describes proper
workstation, setup, posture, and he alth and work habits for computer  users, and provides important
electrical and mechanical safety informatio n. This guide is located on the Web at www.hp.com/ ergo
or on the documentation CD (if one is included with the monitor) or both.
CAUTION: For the protection of the moni tor, as well as the computer, connect all power cords for the
computer and its peripheral device s (such as a monitor, printer, sc anner) to some form of surge
protection device such as a power strip or unin terruptible power supply (U PS). Not all power strips
provide surge protection; the power strips must be sp ecifically labeled as havi ng this ability. Use a
power strip whose manufacturer offers a Damage  Replacement Policy so you can replace the
equipment, if surge protection fails.
Use the appropriate and correctly sized furnitur e designed to support your HP LCD monitor.
WARNING! LCD monitors that are inapprop riately situated on dressers , bookcases, shelves, desks,
speakers, chests, or carts might fall over and cause personal injury.
Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD monitor so that they cannot be
pulled, grabbed, or tripped over.
Safety Precautions
●Use only a power source and connection compatible with this monitor, as indicated on the label of
the power adapter.
●Be sure that the total ampere rating of the prod ucts connected to the outl et does not exceed the
current rating of the electrical ou tlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the
power cord does not exceed the rating of the power cord. Look on the power label to determine
the ampere rating (Amps or A) for each device.
ENWW Important Safety Information 3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ●Install the monitor near a power outlet that yo u can easily reach. Di sconnect the monitor by
grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect th e monitor by pulling the
cord.
●Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.
Maintenance Guidelines
To enhance the performance and e xtend the life of the monitor:
●Do not open the monitor cabinet or attempt to se rvice this product yourse lf. Adjust only those
controls that are covered in the operating instruct ions. If the monitor is not operating properly or
has been dropped or damaged, contact an author ized HP dealer, reseller, or service provider.
●Use only a power source and connection appropriat e for this monitor, as indicated on the label of
the power adapter.
●Be sure that the total ampere rating of the prod ucts connected to the outl et does not exceed the
current rating of the electrical ou tlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the
cord does not exceed the rating of the power cord. Look on the power label to determine the
ampere rating (AMP or A) for each device.
●Install the monitor near a power outlet that yo u can easily reach. Di sconnect the monitor by
grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect th e monitor by pulling the
cord.
●Turn the monitor off when not in use. You can su bstantially increase the life expectancy of the
monitor by using a screen saver program an d turning off the monitor when not in use.
CAUTION: Monitors with a "burned-in image" are not covered under the HP warranty.
●Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided  for ventilation. These openings must not be
blocked or covered. Never push objects of an y kind into cabinet slots or other openings.
●Do not drop the monitor or place it on an unstable surface.
●Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.
●Keep the monitor in a well-ventilated area, aw ay from excessive light, heat, or moisture.
●When removing the monitor base, you must lay the monitor face down on a soft area to prevent it
from getting scratched,  defaced, or broken.
4 Chapter 2   Safety and Maintenance Guidelines ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Cleaning the Monitor
CAUTION: Spray the cleaner on a cloth and use the damp cloth to gently wipe the screen surface.
Never spray the cleaner directly on the screen surf ace. It might run behind the bezel and damage the
electronics.
Do not use cleaners that contain any petroleum based materials such  as benzene, thinner, or any
volatile substance to clean the mo nitor screen or cabinet. These chemicals might damage the monitor.
1.Turn off the monitor and unplug the po wer cord from the back of the unit.
2.Dust the monitor by wiping the screen and th e cabinet using a soft, clean antistatic cloth.
3.For more difficult cleaning situations, use a 50/50 mix of water and Isopropyl alcohol.
Shipping the Monitor
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. Yo u might need it later if you move or ship the
monitor.
To prepare the monitor for shipping:
1.Disconnect the power and video cables from the monitor.
2.Press the button on the front of the pedestal (1 ) and lift the monitor panel from the base (2).
Figure 2-1   Removing the Monitor Panel
3.Set the panel on a soft, protected surface.
4.Carefully pull the pedestal away from th e base to release and separate them.
NOTE: 2511x and 2711x models only : Remove one screw from the bottom of the base to
release the pedestal from the base.
5.Place the monitor, pedestal, and base in the original packing box.
ENWW Maintenance Guidelines 5Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3 Setting Up the Monitor
Unpacking the Monitor
1.Unpack the monitor. Make sure all contents are included. Store the packing box.
2.Turn off the computer and other attached devices.
3.Prepare a flat area to assemble the monitor. You may need a flat, soft, protected area for placing
the monitor screen-down while preparing it for installation.
Assembling the Monitor
Place the monitor in a convenient, well-ventilated location near yo ur computer. Connect the monitor
cables after you have assembled the monitor.
CAUTION: The screen is fragile. Avoid touching or ap plying pressure to the LCD screen; doing so
can cause damage.
TIP: For monitor displays with glossy  bezels, consider the placement of the display, because the
bezel might cause interfering reflections fr om surrounding light and bright surfaces.
1.Set the monitor panel down on a flat, soft, protected table or desk surface.
2.Slide the pedestal into the slot on the base  (1) until the pedestal clicks into the base.
NOTE: The bottom side of the monitor base might look different on your model.
2511x and 2711x models only : Install one screw (2) in the base to secure the pedestal to
the base.
Figure 3-1   Assembling the Base and Pedestal
2
6 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3.Slide the hinge bracket on the monitor into the op ening on top of the pedestal. The panel will click
into place when fully inserted.
Figure 3-2   Inserting the Monitor Panel
Connecting Monitor Cables
CAUTION: Before connecting cables to  the monitor, ensure that the computer and monitor are
powered off.
NOTE: When using a DVI, VGA, or HDMI signal, you must connect your audio output to external
speakers.
The video source is determined by the video ca ble used. The monitor will automatically determine
which inputs have valid video signals. The inputs ca n be selected by pressing the source button on the
front panel.
ENWW Connecting Monitor Cables 7Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the VGA Video Cable
Connect one end of the VGA video cable to the ba ck of the monitor and the other end to the VGA
video connector on the computer. The VGA cable is included with select models.
Figure 3-3   Connecting the VGA Cable (cable pr ovided with select models only)
8 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the DVI-D Vide o Cable (Select Models)
Connect one end of the DVI-D video cable to the ba ck of the monitor and the other end to the DVI-D
video connector on the computer. You can use this cable only if your computer has a DVI compliant
graphics card that is either integrated or instal led. The DVI-D connector and cable are included with
select models.
Figure 3-4   Connecting the DVI-D Cable (cable provided with select models only)
ENWW Connecting Monitor Cables 9Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the HDMI Cable (Select Models)
Connect one end of the HDMI cable to the back of the monitor and the other end connector to the input
device. The HDMI cable is in cluded with select models.
NOTE: The audio stream must be connected directly to  external speakers or to an audio receiver.
Figure 3-5   Connecting the HDMI Cable (cable provided with select models only)
Getting HDMI Sound
If you use HDMI to connect to a monitor model without speakers, you must activate HDMI sound by
adjusting the setting in Microsoft Windows. If HDMI  is not activated, you ca n not hear any sound. To
activate HDMI sound on your computer:
1.Right-click on the volume icon in the Windows system tray.
2.Click Playback Devices . The sound window opens.
3.On the Playback tab, click the HDMI output audio device that is listed.
4.Click Set Default .
5.Click Apply .
6.Click OK to close the window.
10 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the Power Cord
1.Follow all electrical and power warnings
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric sh ock or damage to your equipment:
Do not disable the power-cord grounding plug. The grounding plug is an important safety feature.
Plug the power cord into a ground ed (earthed) electrical outlet.
Be sure that the grounded power outlet you plug the power cord in to is easily accessible to the
operator and located as close to the equipment as possible. A power cord should be routed sothat it is not likely to be walked on or pinched by items that are placed on it or against it.
Do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one might accidentally
step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable.
See 
Technical Specifications on page 29 for additional information.
2.Connect the round end of the power supply cord to  the monitor, and then connect one end of the
power cord to the power supply and the other end to a grounded electrical outlet.
WARNING! To prevent injury from electrical shock, you should do one of the following if a
properly grounded electrical outlet is not availabl e: (1) You should use an electrical outlet adapter
that provides proper grounding. (2) You should  have a properly grounded electrical outlet
installed.
Figure 3-6   Connecting the Power Cord
ENWW Connecting Monitor Cables 11Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Installing the Cable Management Clip
Install the cable management clip over the input ca ble and power cord to gath er them together behind
the monitor.
Figure 3-7   Installing the Cable management Clip
High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection (HDCP)
select models
Your monitor supports HDCP and can receive high-definition content. High-definition content is
available in many sources, such as Blu-ray disc devi ces or HDTV air or cable broadcasts. If you do not
have an HDCP-enabled monitor, you will see a blank screen or a lowe r resolution picture when playing
high-definition protected content. Your computer gr aphics card and monitor mu st both support HDCP to
display protected content.
12 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Turning on the Monitor
1.Press the power button on the computer to turn it on.
2.Press the power button on the front of the monitor to turn it on.
CAUTION: Burn-in image damage might occur on monito rs that display the same static image on
screen for a prolonged period of time.* To avoid  burn-in image damage on the monitor screen, you
should always activate a screen saver application or  turn off the monitor when it is not in use for a
prolonged period of time. Image retention is a cond ition that might occur on all LCD screens. Monitors
with a "burned-in image" are not covered under HP warranty.
* A prolonged period of time is 12 consecutive ho urs of non-use.
When the monitor is powered on, a Monitor Status  message is displayed fo r five seconds and the
power source LED on the rear of the monitor is green. The message shows which input is the current
active signal, the status of the au to-switch source setting  (On or Off), the default source signal, the
current preset display reso lution, and the recommended preset display resolution.
Selecting Video Input Connectors
The input connectors are:
●VGA (analog)
●DVI-D connector (digital) select models
●HDMI connector (digital) select models
The monitor automatically scans the signal inputs for an active input and uses that input for the display.
If two inputs are active, the monitor will display the default input source. If th e default source is not an
active input, then the monitor will display the othe r input if it is active. You can change the default
source in the OSD by pr essing the front-panel Menu button and selecting Source Control  > Default
Source .
ENWW Turning on the Monitor 13Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Adjusting The Tilt
For optimal viewing, adjust the screen ti lt to your own preference, as follows:
CAUTION: To avoid breakage or other damage, avoid a pplying pressure to the LCD screen while
changing the tilt.
1.Face the front of the monitor an d hold the base so that you do  not topple the monitor while
changing the tilt.
2.Adjust the tilt by moving the top edge of the mo nitor either toward or away from you, without
touching the screen.
Figure 3-8   Tilt Adjustment
14 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting External Speakers and Audio Cable
(Select Models)
Use the following procedure to connect the external speakers to a computer.
1.Turn the computer on.
2.Connect the audio cable to the audio-speaker co nnector on the computer, and then connect the
USB power cable to a USB connector on the computer.
NOTE: Use the volume controls on the computer to adjust the speaker volume.
Figure 3-9   Connect the External Speaker Audio and USB Cables
NOTE: If you use HDMI to connect to the monitor, you must activate HDMI sound by adjusting the
setting in Microsoft Window s. Refer to instructions in the previous section, Connecting the HDMI Cable
(Select Models) on page 10 in this chapter.
Wall Mounting the Monitor Panel
To mount the monitor panel to a wall  mounting device or swing arm, remove the monitor panel from the
pedestal stand.
CAUTION: When handling the monito r, be careful to avoid scratching the screen.
ENWW Connecting External Speakers and Audio Cable (Select Models) 15Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: The monitor should be moun ted to a Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA)
compliant mounting device.
1.If the monitor is installed on th e base, press the button on the fr ont of the pedestal and lift the
monitor panel from the base.
Figure 3-10   Removing the Monitor Panel
2.Carefully spread the hinge cover to re lease it, and then remove the cover.
Figure 3-11   Removing the Hinge Cover
12
1
16 Chapter 3   Setting Up the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3.Remove three hinge screws, and then separate the hinge from the monitor.
Figure 3-12   Removing the Hinge Screws
4.Mount the monitor panel on the wall mounting devi ce or swing arm by following the instructions
that come with the mounting kit.
ENWW Wall Mounting the Monitor Panel 17Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4 Operating the Monitor
CD Software and Utilities
The CD that is included with this monitor contains  drivers and software that you can install on your
computer.
Installing Drivers
If you determine that you need to update the driver s, you can install the monitor driver INF and ICM
files from the CD, or download them from the Internet.
Installing the monitor driv er software from the CD
To install the monitor driver software from the CD:
1.Insert the CD in your computer CD drive. The CD menu appears.
2.Select the language.
3.Click Install Monitor Driver Software .
4.Follow the on-screen instructions.
5.Ensure that the proper resoluti ons and refresh rates appear in the Display Control Panel settings.
Refer to the Windows® operating system  documentation for more information.
NOTE: You might need to manually install the digita lly signed monitor drivers (INF or ICM files)
from the CD, in case of an installation error. Re fer to the "Driver Software Readme" file on the CD
for instructions (in English only).
Downloading updated drivers from the Internet
To download the latest version of drivers an d software files from the HP Support site:
1.Refer to: www.hp.com/ support .
2.Select your country/region.
3.Select Download Drivers and Software .
4.Enter the model number of your  monitor. The software download pages for your monitor are
displayed.
5.Download and install the driver and software file s by following the instructions on the download
pages.
NOTE: Ensure that your system meets the requirements.
18 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Front-Panel Controls
Control buttons (represented by icons) are located on the bottom right of the monitor.
Button Icon Description
Quick View
 Opens the OSD Quick View menu where you can select a viewing mode which
compliments or optimizes the content you are viewing.
Minus
 Navigates down through the OSD menu and decreases adjustment levels.
Source
 Chooses the video input source from the computer. Not supported on the 2011s
model.
Plus
 Navigates up through the OSD menu and increases adjustment levels.
Auto Adjustment
 Press to automatically adjust the screen image.
NOTE: This item can only be used  with a VGA input signal.
OK
 Enters the selected option in the OSD.
Menu
 Opens, selects, or exits the OSD menu.
NOTE: Pressing the Menu button for 10 seconds will disable operation of the
remaining OSD buttons. Pressing it ag ain for 10 seconds will re-enable
functionality.
Power
 Turns the monitor on or off. The Power button is located on the bottom-right of
the monitor.
NOTE: Pressing the Power button for 10 seconds will disable operation of the
Power button. Pressing it again for 10  seconds will re-enable functionality.
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD)
Use the On-Screen Display (OSD) to adjust the scre en image based on your viewing preferences. To
access the OSD, do  the following:
NOTE: The OSD is only available if there is at leas t one active video input selected for viewing on
the monitor.
1.If the monitor is not already on, press th e Power button to turn on the monitor.
2.To access the OSD menu, press the Menu bu tton. The OSD Main Menu is displayed.
3.To navigate through the Ma in or sub-menu, press the + (Plus) button on the front panel of the
monitor to scroll up, or the – (Minus) button to scroll in reverse.  Then press the OK button to select
the highlighted function.
4.To adjust the scale of a selected item, press the + (Plus) or – (Minus) button.
5.Select Save and Return . If you do not want to save the setting, select Cancel  from the sub-
menu or Exit from the Main Menu.
6.Press the Menu button to exit the OSD.
ENWW Front-Panel Controls 19Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: When a menu is displayed, if the buttons ar e untouched for 30 seco nds (factory default),
adjustments and settings are saved and the menu closes.
OSD Menu Selections
The following table lists the on-screen display (OSD ) menu selections and their functional descriptions.
After changing an OSD menu item, and if the menu  screen has these options, you might choose to:
●Cancel  — to return to the previous menu level.
●Save and Return  — to save all changes and return to  the OSD Main Menu screen. This Save
and Return option is active only if you change a menu item.
●Reset  — to change back to the previous setting.
Icon Main Menu Options Sub-menu Options Description
Brightness  Adjusts the brightness level of the screen.
Contrast  Adjusts the contrast level of the screen.
Color  Selects the screen color. The factory
default is 6500 K.
  Warm (5000 K) Changes to  slightly reddish white.
  Standard (6500 K) Sets your screen colors to adapt to the
color standards used in the imagetechnology industry.
  Cool (9300 K) Changes to slightly blueish white.  Custom (RGB) Selects and adjusts your own color
scales:
●Red Color — Sets your own red
color levels.
●Green Color — Sets your own
green color levels.
●Blue Color — Sets your own blue
color levels.
  Quick View Select from the following modes:
●Movie
●Photo
●Gaming
●Text
●Custom (settings saved when you
adjust the Brightness, Contrast, orColor in one of the other Quick
View options)
Image Control  Adjusts the screen image.
20 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Icon Main Menu Options Sub-menu Options Description
 Auto-Adjustment Automatical ly adjust the screen image.
NOTE: This item can only be used with
a VGA input signal.
 Clock Minimizes any vertical bars or strips
visible on the screen background.
Adjusting the Clock also changes the
horizontal screen image (VGA input
only).
 Clock Phase Adjusts the focus of the display. This
adjustment allows you to removehorizontal noise, and clear or sharpen
the image of characters (VGA input
only).
 Horizontal Position Adjusts the position of the screen image
left and right.
 Vertical Position Adjusts the position of the screen image
up and down.
 Custom Scaling Selects the method for formatting
information displayed on the monitor.Select:
●Fill to Screen — image fills the
entire screen and might look
distorted or elongated because of
non-proportional scaling of height
and width.
●Fill to Aspect Ratio — image is
sized to fit the screen and maintains
proportional image.
 Sharpness Adjusts the screen image to look sharper
or softer.
 OverDrive (select models) Turns Ov erDrive on or off. The factory
default is Off.
 Dynamic Contrast Ratio Sets the DCR setting on or off. The factory
default setting is off. DCR automatically
adjusts the balance between white andblack levels to provide you with an
optimal image.
OSD Control  Adjusts the position of the OSD menu on
the screen.
 Horizontal OSD Position Changes the viewing position of the OSD
menu to the left or right area of thescreen.
 Vertical OSD Position Changes the viewing position of the OSD
menu to the top or bottom area of the
screen.
ENWW Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) 21Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Icon Main Menu Options Sub-menu Options Description
 OSD Transparency Adjust to view the background
information through the OSD.
 OSD Timeout Sets the time in seconds that the OSD is
visible after the last button is pressed. Thefactory default is 30 seconds.
Management  Selects the power-management features
of the monitor.
 Power Saver Enables the power saving feature (see
Power-Saver Feature on page 25).
Select:
●On
●Off
The factory default is On.
 Power-On Recall Restores power to the monitor following
an unexpected removal of power. Select:
●On
●Off
The factory default is On.
 Mode Display Displays the r esolution, refresh rate, and
frequency information on the screen eachtime the OSD Main Menu is accessed.
Select:
●On
●Off
The factory default is On.
 Monitor Status Displays the operating status of the
monitor each time the monitor is poweredon. Select the location at which to
display the status:
●Top
●Middle
●Bottom
●Off
The factory default is Top.
 DDC/CI Support Allows the computer to control some
OSD menu features such as Brightness,Contrast, and Color Temperature. Select:
●On
●Off
The factory default is On.
22 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Icon Main Menu Options Sub-menu Options Description
 Bezel Power LED Turns the light (LED) in the Power button
on and off. When set to off, the light will
remain off at all times.
 Sleep Timer Provides the timer-adjustment menu
options:
●Set Current Time — Sets the current
time in hours and minutes.
●Set Sleep Time — Sets the time you
want to place the monitor in sleep
mode.
●Set On Time — Sets the time you
want the monitor to wake up from
sleep mode.
●Timer — Sets the Sleep Timer
feature on or off; the default setting
is Off.
●Sleep Now — Immediately sets the
monitor to enter sleep mode.
Language  Selects the language in which the OSD
menu is displayed. The factory default isEnglish.
Information  Selects and displays important
information about the monitor.
  Current Settings Provides the current input video mode.
  Recommended Settings Provides the recommended resolution
mode and refresh rate for the monitor.
  Serial Number Reports the serial number of the monitor.
The serial number is needed if contacting
HP technical support.
  FW Version Reports the firmware version of the
monitor.
  Backlight Hours Reports the total hours of backlight
operation.
  Service Support For service support, go to: www.hp.com/
support .
Factory Reset  Returns settings to factory defaults.
Source Control  Selects the video input signal. The factory
default by priority is DVI, VGA, and then
HDMI.
  DVI (select models) Selects DVI as the video input signal.
  HDMI (select models) Selects HDMI as the video input signal.  VGA Selects VGA as the video input signal.
ENWW Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) 23Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Icon Main Menu Options Sub-menu Options Description
 Default Source Selects the default or primary video input
signal when the monitor is connected to
two active and valid video sources. Themonitor will automatically determine the
video format.
 Auto-Switch Source Turns the au tomatic video signal input to
On or Off on the system. The factory
default is On.
Exit  Exits the OSD menu screen.
Identifying Monitor Conditions
Special messages appear on the monitor sc reen for the following monitor conditions:
●Monitor Status  — When the monitor is powered on or when the input source signal is
changed, a Monitor Status message is displayed for five seconds. The message shows which input
is the current active signal, the status of the au to-switch source setting (On or Off), the default
source signal, the current preset display re solution, and the recommended preset display
resolution.
●Input Signal Out of Range  — Indicates the monitor does not support the input signal on the
video card, because its resolution or refresh ra te is set higher than the monitor supports.
Change your video card settings to a lower resoluti on or refresh rate. Restar t your computer for the
new settings to take effect.
●Power Button Lockout  — Indicates the power button is lock ed. If the power button is locked,
the warning message Power Button Lockout  appears.
◦If the power button is locked, press and hold the power button for 10 seconds to unlock the
power button function.
◦If the power button is unlocked, press and hold the power button for 10 seconds to lock out
the power button function.
●Monitor Going to Sleep  — Indicates the screen displa y is entering a sleep mode.
●Check Video Cable  — Indicates a video input cable is not properly connected to the computer
or monitor.
●OSD Lockout  — The OSD can be enabled or disabled by pressing and holding the Menu button
on the front panel for 10 seconds. If the OS D is locked, the warning message OSD Lockout
appears for 10 seconds.
◦If the OSD is locked, press and hold the Me nu button for 10 second s to unlock the OSD.
◦If the OSD is unlocked, press and hold the Menu button for 10 seconds to lock the OSD.
●Dynamic Contrast Ratio ON  — Indicates that DCR is turned on.
24 Chapter 4   Operating the Monitor ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ●Dynamic Contrast Ratio OFF  — Indicates that DCR has been turned off in the OSD or was
automatically turned off after changes were ma de to Brightness or Quick View in the OSD.
●No Input Signal  — Indicates the monitor is not receivin g a video signal from the computer on
the monitor video input connector. Check to see if th e computer or input signal source is off or in
the power-saver mode.
Power-Saver Feature
When the monitor is in normal operating mode, the Power light is Aqua white and the monitor uses the
normal watts of power. Fo r power usage, refer to Technical Specifications on page 29.
The monitor also supports a power-saver mode that is controlled by the computer. When the monitor is
in the reduced-power state, the monitor screen is bl ank, the backlight is off,  the Power light is amber,
and the monitor uses minimum power. When the monitor is "awakened," a brief warm-up period
occurs before the monitor returns to normal operating mode. The energy-saving reduced power state
activates if the monitor does not dete ct either the horizontal sync signal  or the vertical sync signal. The
power-saver feature must be activated on your computer for this feature to work.
Refer to your computer documentation for instructions on setting energy-saver features (sometimes called
power-management features).
NOTE: The energy-saver feature works only when the monitor is connected to computers that have
energy-saver features.
ENWW Power-Saver Feature 25Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  A Troubleshooting
Solving Common Problems
The following table lists possible problems, the po ssible cause of each problem, and the recommended
solutions:
Problem Solution
Power button LED is not on. Make sure that the Power button is on, and the power cord is connected to a grounded power
outlet and to the monitor.
Select Management  in the OSD menu, and then select Bezel Power LED . Check if the
Bezel Power LED option is set to Off and, if so, set to On mode.
Power source LED is not on.
The power source LED is on
the rear of the monitor next tothe power plug connector.The monitor is not receiving power. Contact your authorized HP service provider to replace the
power adaptor.
Screen is blank. Connect the po wer cord. Turn on the power.
Connect the video cable properly. See 
Setting Up the Monitor on page 6 for more information.
Press a key on the keyboard or move the mo use to turn off the screen-blanking utility.
Image appears blurred,
indistinct, or too dark.Press the Menu button to open the OSD menu, and adjust the brightness and contrast scales.
Check Video Cable appears
on screen.Connect the appropriate video cable (VGA, DV I, or HDMI) between the computer and
monitor. Be sure that the computer power is off while connecting the video cable.
NOTE: HDMI input is available for select models only.
Input Signal Out of Range
appears on screen.Restart your computer and enter Safe Mode. Change your settings to a supported setting (see
the table in Preset Video Modes on page 33). Restart your computer so that the new settings
take effect.
Picture is fuzzy and has
ghosting, shadowing
problem.Adjust the contrast and brightness controls.
Make sure that you are not using an extension cable or switch box. HP recommends plugging
the monitor directly into the graphic card ou tput connector on the back of your computer.
Unable to set the monitor to
the optimal resolution.Make sure that the graphics card supports the optimal resolution.
Make sure that the latest supported driver is installed for the graphics card. For HP and
Compaq systems, you can download the latest  graphics driver for your system from:
www.hp.com/ support . For other systems, refer to the Web site for your graphics card.
Screen is black or displaying
at a lower resolution while
displaying high-definition
(HD) content.Check if your monitor and comp uter support HDCP. Refer to High-Bandwidth Digital Content
Protection (HDCP) select models on page 12 or www.hp.com/ support .
26 Appendix A   Troubleshooting ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Problem Solution
No Audio. Make sure that the speaker audio cable and USB power cable are connected directly to the
computer.
NOTE: External speakers are available for select models only.
No Plug and Play. In order for the Pl ug and Play feature of the monitor to work, you need a computer and
graphic card that are compatible with Plug an d Play. Check with your computer manufacturer.
Check the video cable on the monitor, and ma ke sure that none of the pins are bent.
Make sure that the monitor drivers are installed. Refer to Installing Drivers on page 18 for
more information. Monitor drivers are also available at: www.hp.com/ support .
Picture bounces, flickers, or
wave pattern is present in the
picture.Move electrical devices that might cause electric al interference as far away from the monitor
as possible.
Use the maximum refresh rate that your monitor is capable of at the resolution that you are
using.
Using HDMI connection,
unable to hear audio.The audio stream must be connected directly to  external speakers or to an audio receiver.
Monitor is always in sleep
mode (amber LED).Power to the computer should be turned on.
The computer graphic card should be snugly seated in its slot.Check that the monitor video cable is properly connected to the computer.Inspect the monitor video cable, and make sure that none of the pins are bent.
Check that your computer is operational: Pres s the Caps Lock key and observe the Caps Lock
LED found on most keyboards. The LED should either turn on or off after hitting the Caps Lock
key.
ENWW Solving Common Problems 27Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Getting Support from hp.com
Before you contact customer service,  refer to HP Technical Support at: www.hp.com/ support . Select
your country/region, and then follow the links to the support page for your monitor.
Preparing to Call Technical Support
If you cannot solve a problem by us ing the troubleshooting tips in th is section, you mi ght have to call
technical support. For tec hnical support contact info rmation, refer to the printed documentation included
with the monitor.
Have the following information available when you call:
●Monitor model number (located on label on back of monitor)
●Monitor serial number (located on label on ba ck of monitor or in the OSD display in the
Information menu)
●Purchase date on invoice
●Conditions under which the problem occurred
●Error messages received
●Hardware configuration
●Name and version of hardware and software you are using
Locating the Rating Label
The rating label on the monitor pr ovides the product number and serial number. You might need these
numbers when contacting HP  about your monitor model.
The rating label is on the back of the monitor.
28 Appendix A   Troubleshooting ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  B Technical Specifications
All specifications represent the typical specific ations provided by HP component manufacturers;
performance might vary either higher or lower.
HP LCD Monitors
Table B-1   2011x/2011s Specifications
Specifications  
Display Type: TFT LCD active matrix
Viewable Image Size: 50.8 cm (20.0 in) diagonal
Video Input Terminals: VGA and/or DVITilt: -5° to +25°Maximum Weight (unpacked): 2.636 kg (5.8 lb)Dimensions (w x d x h): 486.8 x 158.9 x 387.7 mm (19.16 x 6.26 x 14.871 in)Maximum Graphics Resolution: 1600 x 900 @ 60 HzOptimum Graphics Resolution: 1600 x 900 @ 60 HzText Mode: 720 x 400Pixel Pitch: 0.265 x 0.265 mmHorizontal Frequency: 24 to 83 kHzVertical Frequency: 50 to 76 HzOperating Temperature: 5° to 35° C (41° to 95° F)Non-Operating Temperature: -20° to 60° C (-4° to 140° F)Operating Humidity: 20% to 80%Non-Operating Humidity: 5% to 95%Operating Altitude: 0 to 5000 meters (0 to 16,400 feet)Storage Altitude: 0 to 12,192 meters (0 to 40,000 feet)Power Source (adapter): 100-240 VAC (ca), 50/60 HzPower Source (monitor): 12V dc, 50/60 HzMaximum Power Consumption: 25 watts (W)Typical Power Consumption: 19.5 watts (W)Sleep Power Consumption: <1 watts (W)
ENWW HP LCD Monitors 29Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-2   2211f/2211x Specifications
Specifications  
Display Type: TFT LCD active matrix
Viewable Image Size: 54.61 cm (21.5 in) diagonal
Video Input Terminals: VGA, DVI, and HDMI
NOTE: HDMI Terminal for the 2211f only
Tilt: -5° to +25°Maximum Weight (unpacked): 3.5 kg (7.7 lb)Dimensions (w x d x h): 519.53 x 159 x 396.3 mm (20.45 x 6.26 x 15.60 in)Maximum Graphics Resolution: 1920 x 1080 @ 60 HzOptimum Graphics Resolution: 1920 x 1080 @ 60 HzText Mode: 720 x 400Pixel Pitch: 0.248 x 0.248 mmHorizontal Frequency: 24 to 94 kHzVertical Frequency: 50 to 76 HzOperating Temperature: 5° to 35° C (41° to 95° F)Non-Operating Temperature: -20° to 60° C (-4° to 140° F)Operating Humidity: 20% to 80%Non-Operating Humidity: 5% to 95%Operating Altitude: 0 to 5000 meters (0 to 16,400 feet)Storage Altitude: 0 to 12,192 meters (0 to 40,000 feet)Power Source: 100-240 VAC (ca), 50/60 HzMaximum Power Consumption: 28 watts (W)Typical Power Consumption: 22.5 watts (W)Sleep Power Consumption: <1 watts (W)
Table B-3   2311cm/2311f/2311x Specifications
Specifications  
Display Type: TFT LCD active matrix
Viewable Image Size: 58.42 cm (23.0 in) diagonal
Video Input Terminals: VGA, DVI, and HDMITilt: 0° to +25°Maximum Weight (unpacked): 4.3 kg (9.5 lb)
30 Appendix B   Technical Specifications ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-3   2311cm/2311f/2311x Specifications (continued)
Specifications  
Dimensions (w x d x h): 557.95 x 159.0 x 416.48 mm (21.97 x 6.26 x 16.40 in)
Maximum Graphics Resolution: 1920 x 1080 @ 60 Hz
Optimum Graphics Resolution: 1920 x 1080 @ 60 HzText Mode: 720 x 400Pixel Pitch: 0.265 x 0.265 mmHorizontal Frequency: 24 to 94 kHzVertical Frequency: 50 to 76 HzOperating Temperature: 5° to 35° C (41° to 95° F)Non-Operating Temperature: -20° to 60° C (-4° to 140° F)Operating Humidity: 20% to 80%Non-Operating Humidity: 5% to 95%Operating Altitude: 0 to 5000 meters (0 to 16,400 feet)Storage Altitude: 0 to 12,192 meters (0 to 40,000 feet)Power Source: 100-240 VAC (ca), 50/60 HzMaximum Power Consumption: 34 watts (W)Typical Power Consumption: 31 watts (W)Sleep Power Consumption: <1 watts (W)
Table B-4   2511x Specifications
Specifications  
Display Type: TFT LCD active matrix
Viewable Image Size: 63.5 cm (25.0 in) diagonal
Video Input Terminals: VGA, DVI, and HDMITilt: -5° to +25°Maximum Weight (unpacked): 5.13 kg (11.3 lb)Dimensions (w x d x h): 604.95 x 184.44 x 442.2 mm (23.82 x 7.26 x 175.41 in)Maximum Graphics Resolution: 1920 x 1080 @ 60 HzOptimum Graphics Resolution: 1920 x 1080 @ 60 HzText Mode: 720 x 400Pixel Pitch: 0.096 x 0.288 mmHorizontal Frequency: 24 to 94 kHz
ENWW HP LCD Monitors 31Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-4   2511x Specifications (continued)
Specifications  
Vertical Frequency: 50 to 76 Hz
Operating Temperature: 5° to 35° C (41° to 95° F)
Non-Operating Temperature: -20° to 60° C (-4° to 140° F)Operating Humidity: 20% to 80%Non-Operating Humidity: 5% to 95%Operating Altitude: 0 to 5000 meters (0 to 16,400 feet)Storage Altitude: 0 to 12,192 meters (0 to 40,000 feet)Power Source: 100-240 VAC (ca), 50/60 HzMaximum Power Consumption: 40 watts (W)Typical Power Consumption: 35.2 watts (W)Sleep Power Consumption: <1 watts (W)
Table B-5   2711x Specifications
Specifications  
Display Type: TFT LCD active matrix
Viewable Image Size: 68.58 cm (27.0 in) diagonal
Video Input Terminals: VGA, DVI, and HDMITilt: -5° to +25°Maximum Weight (unpacked): 5.85 kg (12.9 lb)Dimensions (w x d x h): 470.93 x 184.44 x 653.95 mm (18.54 x 7.26 x 25.75 in)Maximum Graphics Resolution: 1920 x 1080 @ 60 HzOptimum Graphics Resolution: 1920 x 1080 @ 60 HzText Mode: 720 x 400Pixel Pitch: 0.3114 x 0.3114 mmHorizontal Frequency: 24 to 94 kHzVertical Frequency: 50 to 76 HzOperating Temperature: 5° to 35° C (41° to 95° F)Non-Operating Temperature: -20° to 60° C (-4° to 140° F)Operating Humidity: 20% to 80%Non-Operating Humidity: 5% to 95%Operating Altitude: 0 to 5000 meters (0 to 16,400 feet)
32 Appendix B   Technical Specifications ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-5   2711x Specificat ions (continued)
Specifications  
Storage Altitude: 0 to 12,192 meters (0 to 40,000 feet)
Power Source: 100-240 VAC (ca), 50/60 Hz
Maximum Power Consumption: 35 watts (W)Typical Power Consumption: 28 watts (W)Sleep Power Consumption: <1 watts (W)
Preset Video Modes
The monitor automatically recognizes many preset video input modes that wi ll appear properly sized
and centered on the screen.
Table B-6   2011x/2011s Factory Preset Video Input Modes
Preset Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz)
1 640 x 480 31.469 59.94
2 720 x 400 31.469 70.0873 800 x 600 37.879 60.3174 1024 x 768 48.363 60.0045 1280 x 720 45.00 60.006 1280 x 1024 63.98 60.027 1440 x 900 55.94 59.898 1600 x 900 60.00 60.00
Table B-7   2211f / 2211x, 2311cm / 2311f / 2311x, 2511x and 2711x Factory Preset Video
Input Modes
Preset Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz)
1 640 x 480 31.469 59.94
2 720 x 400 31.469 70.0873 800 x 600 37.879 60.3174 1024 x 768 48.363 60.0045 1280 x 720 45.00 60.006 1280 x 1024 63.98 60.027 1440 x 900 55.94 59.89
ENWW Preset Video Modes 33Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table B-7   2211f / 2211x, 2311cm / 2311f / 2311x, 2511x and 2711x Factory Preset Video
Input Modes (continued)
Preset Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz)
8 1680 x 1050 65.29 60.00
9 1920 x 1080 67.50 60.00
Table B-8   HDMI High Definition Factory Preset Video Modes (Select Models)
Preset HD Video Display
ResolutionResolution Horizontal
Frequency (kHz)Vertical Frequency
(Hz)
1 480p 720 x 480 31.469 60
2 720p60 1280 x 720 45 603 576p 720 x 576 31.25 504 720p50 1280 x 720 37.5 505 1080p60 1920 x 1080 67.5 606 1080p50 1920 x 1080 56.25 50
Entering User Modes
The video controller signal might occasionally  call for a mode that is not preset if:
●You are not using a standard graphics adapter.
●You are not using a factory preset mode.
It this occurs, you might need to readjust the param eters of the monitor screen by using the on-screen
display. Your changes can be made to any or all of these factory preset mo des and saved in memory.
The monitor automatically stores the new setting, then  recognizes the new mode  just like it does a
factory preset mode. Also there are at least te n user modes that can be entered and stored.
34 Appendix B   Technical Specifications ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power Adapters
Table B-9   Power Adapters
Manufacturer Model Number
TPV Technology Group ADCP1236
LiteOn PA-1041-11TA-LFAPD, Asian Power Devices, Inc. DA-36N12, DA-50F19Delta ADP-40DD B Series
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
Your LCD monitor uses high-precision technology, ma nufactured according to high standards, to help
guarantee trouble-free performance. Nevertheless, the display might have co smetic imperfections that
appear as small bright or dark spots. This is co mmon to all LCD monitor di splays used in products
supplied by all vendors and is not specific to your  LCD monitor. These imperfections are caused by one
or more defective pi xels or subpixels.
A pixel consists of one red, one green, and one blue  subpixel. A defective whole pixel is always turned
on (a bright spot on a dark background), or it is al ways off (a dark spot on a bright background). The
first is the more visible of the two. A defective subpix el (dot defect) is less visi ble than a defective whole
pixel, and is small and only visible on a specific background.
To locate defective pixels, the monitor should be  viewed under normal operating conditions and in
normal operating mode at a support ed resolution and refresh rate, from a distance of approximately
50 cm (16 in). We expect that, over time, the indust ry will continue to improve its ability to produce
displays with fewer cosmetic imperf ections, and we will adjust guidelines as improvements are made.
For more information about your LCD monitor an d pixel policy, refer to the HP Web site at:
www.hp.com/ support . To find pixel policy information on th e HP Web site, type in "HP Pixel Policy" in
the search box and press Enter.
ENWW Power Adapters 35Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  C Agency Regulatory Notices
Federal Communications Commission Notice
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limi ts are designed to prov ide reasonable protection
against harmful interference in a residential inst allation. This equipment generates, uses, and can
radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may
cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, ther e is no guarantee that interference
will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or
television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is
encouraged to try to correct the interference  by one or more of the following measures:
●Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
●Increase the separation between the equipment and the receiver.
●Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circui t different from that to which the receiver is
connected.
●Consult the dealer or an experienced ra dio or television technician for help.
Modifications
The FCC requires the user to be notified that any ch anges or modifications made to this device that are
not expressly approved by Hewlett Packard Company may void the user's authority to operate the
equipment.
Cables
Connections to this device must be made with shie lded cables with metallic RFI/EMI connector hoods to
maintain compliance with FCC Rules and Regulations.
Declaration of Conformity for Products Marked with
the FCC Logo (United States Only)
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subj ect to the following two
conditions:
1.This device may not cause harmful interference.
2.This device must accept any inte rference received, incl uding interference that may cause undesired
operation.
For questions regarding the product, contact:Hewlett Packard Company
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 530113
Houston, Texas 77269-2000
36 Appendix C   Agency Regulatory Notices ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Or, call 1-800-HP-INVENT (1-800 474-6836)
For questions regarding this FCC declaration, contact:
Hewlett Packard Company
P. O. Box 692000, Mail Stop 510101
Houston, Texas 77269-2000
Or, call (281) 514-3333To identify this product, refer to the Part, Series, or Model number found on the product.
Canadian Notice
This Class B digital apparatus meets all requirements  of the Canadian Interference-Causing Equipment
Regulations.
Avis Canadien
Cet appareil numérique de  la classe B respecte toutes les exigences du Règlement sur le matériel
brouilleur du Canada.
European Union Regulatory Notice
Products bearing the CE marking comply  with the following EU Directives:
●Low Voltage Directive 2006/95/EC
●EMC Directive 2004/108/EC
●Ecodesign Directive 2009/1 25/EC, where applicable
CE compliance of this product is valid if powere d with the correct CE-marked AC adapter provided by
HP.
Compliance with these directives implies conformi ty to applicable harmonized European standards
(European Norms) that are listed in the EU Declarat ion of Conformity issued by  HP for this product or
product family and available (in English only) eith er within the product documentation or at the
following Web site: http://www.hp.eu/ certificates  (type the product number in the search field).
The compliance is indicated by one of the followi ng conformity markings placed on the product:
 For non-telecommunications products and for EU
harmonized telecommunications products, such as
Bluetooth® within power class below 10mW.
For EU non-harmonized telecommunications
products (If applicable, a 4-digit notified bodynumber is inserted between CE and !).
Please refer to the regulatory label provided on the product.
ENWW Canadian Notice 37Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  The point of contact for regulatory matters is: Hewlett-Packard GmbH, Dept./MS: HQ-TRE,
Herrenberger Strasse 140, 71034 Boeblingen, GERMANY.
German Ergonomics Notice
HP products which bear the "GS" approval mark, when  forming part of a system comprising HP brand
computers, keyboards and monitors that bear the "GS" approval mark, meet the applicable ergonomic
requirements. The installation guides included wi th the products provide configuration information.
Japanese Notice
Korean Notice
Power Cord Set Requirements
The monitor power supply is provid ed with Automatic Line Switching (ALS). This feature allows the
monitor to operate on input voltag es between 100-120V or 200-240V.
The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) rece ived with the monitor meets the requirements for use
in the country where you purchased the equipment.
If you need to obtain a power cord  for a different country, you should purchase a power cord that is
approved for use in that country.
The power cord must be rated for the product and fo r the voltage and current marked on the product's
electrical ratings label. The voltage and current rati ng of the cord should be  greater than the voltage
and current rating marked on the product. In addit ion, the cross-sectional area of the wire must be a
minimum of 0.75 mm² or 18 AWG, and the length of the cord must be between 6 feet (1.8 m) and 12
feet (3.6 m). If you have questi ons about the type of power cord to  use, contact an authorized HP
service provider.
A power cord should be routed so that it is not like ly to be walked on or pinched by items placed upon
it or against it. Particular attention should be paid to the plug, electrical outlet, and the point where the
cord exits from the product.
38 Appendix C   Agency Regulatory Notices ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Japanese Power Cord Requirements
For use in Japan, use only the power cord received with this product.
CAUTION: Do not use the power cord received with this product on any other products.
Product Environmental Notices
ENERGY STAR® Qualification
HP Displays marked  with the ENERGY STAR® certification ma rk meet the requirements of the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency  (EPA) ENERGY STAR program. Th e EPA ENERGY STAR® certification
mark does not imply endorsement by the EPA. As an ENERGY ST AR Partner, He wlett Packard
Company has determined that this product me ets the ENERGY STAR® prog ram requirements for
display energy efficiency.
The following ENERGY STAR® certification mark ap pears on all ENERGY STAR  qualified displays:
The ENERGY STAR® program specific ations for displays and computer s were created by the EPA to
promote energy efficiency and reduce air pollution through more energy-efficient equipment in homes,
offices, and factories. One way products achieve th is goal is by using the Microsoft® Windows power
management feature to redu ce power consumption when the product is not in use.
The power management feature enables the computer to initiate a low-power or "sleep" mode after a
period of user inactivity. When us ed with an external ENERGY STA R® qualified display, this feature
also supports similar power management features for the display. To take adva ntage of these potential
energy savings, users should use the default power management settings that are provided withENERGY STAR qualified computers and displays. The default power management settings on ENERGYSTAR qualified computers are preset to behave in the following ways when the system is operating onAC power:
●Turn off an external display afte r 15 minutes of user inactivity
●Initiate a low power sleep mode for the computer after 30 minutes of user inactivity
ENERGY STAR® qualified computers exit the low power sleep mode and ENERGY STAR qualified
displays resume operation when the user resume s use of the computer. Examples include the user
pressing the power/sleep button, receiving an input signal from an input device, receiving an input
signal from a network connection with th e Wake On LAN (WOL) feature enabled, etc.
Additional information on the ENER GY STAR® program, its environmen tal benefits and the potential
energy and financial savings of  the power management feature can be found on the EPA ENERGY
STAR Power Management Web site at 
www.energystar.gov/ powermanagement .
ENWW Product Environmental Notices 39Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Disposal of Waste Equipment by Us ers in Private Household in the
European Union
This symbol on the product or on its packaging indica tes that this product must  not be disposed of with
your household waste. Instead, it is your responsi bility to dispose of your waste equipment by handing
it over to a designated collection point for the recy cling or waste electrical and electronic equipment.
The separate collection and recycling of your waste equipment at the time of disposal will help to
conserve natural resources and ensure  that it is recycled in a manne r that protects human health and
the environment. For more information about wh ere you can drop off your waste equipment for
recycling, please contact the local city office, the household waste disposal service or the shop where
you purchased the product.
Chemical Substances
HP is committed to providing our customers with information about the chem ical substances in our
products as needed to comply wi th legal requirements such as RE ACH (Regulation EC No 1907/2006
of the European Parliament and Council). A chemical  information report for this product can be found
at http://www.hp.com/ go/reach .
HP Recycling Program
HP encourages customers to recycle used electr onic hardware, HP original print cartridges, and
rechargeable batteries. For more informat ion about recycling programs, go to www.hp.com/ recycle .
40 Appendix C   Agency Regulatory Notices ENWWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Restriction of Hazard ous Substances (RoHS)
A Japanese regulatory requirem ent, defined by specification JIS C 0950, 2005, mandates that
manufacturers provide Material Content Declarations  for certain categories of electronic products
offered for sale after July 1, 2006. To view the JIS C 0950 material declaration  for this product, visit
www.hp.com/ go/jisc0950 .
Turkey EEE Regulation
In Conformity with the EEE Regulation
EEE Yönetmeli ğine Uygundur
ENWW Product Environmental Notices 41Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine    
    
 
   
HP 24wd LED Backlit Monitor  
User Guide  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   1  
  
 
© 201 2 Hewlett -Packard Development Company, L.P.  
 
Microsoft, Windows, and Windows Vista are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries . 
 The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an 
additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or  editorial errors or omissions contained herein. 
This document contains proprietary information that is protected by copyright. No part of this document may be photocopied, reproduced, or translated to another language without the prior written consent of Hewlett -Packard Company.  
 First Edition ( October 2012) 
 Document Part Number:  715991- 001Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   2  
 
Chapter I. Introduction  
1.1  Features  
 Multilingual OSD adjustment  
 Compatible  with IBM VGA, extended VGA, VESA VGA, SVGA, XGA, and SXGA modes  
 Wide range of applicable voltages (AC 100- 240V  50/60Hz ) enables direct use without any  
setting.  
 Plug-and-play VESA DDC1/ 2B Standard. Compatible with Windows 9x / 2000 / XP / 7 / Vista 
operation systems  
1.2  Check list  
Please make sure the following items are included with your LCD monitor;  
 The monitor (and the pedestal)  
 Lower stand  
 Power cord  
 Adapter  
 VGA cable  
 DVI cable (Optional)  
 Documentation and software CD  
 Setup poster  
 Warranty certificate  (Optional)  
 
If any of these items are missing, please contact your dealer for technical support and custom 
service.  
 Note: Be sure to save original box and all packing materials for  future transport.  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   3  
Chapter II. Installation  
2.1  Install the pedestal  
 
Please follow the steps illustrated below to install the pedestal.  
 
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   4 2.2  Connect your monitor to y our computer  
 
1. Power off and unplug your computer.  
2. Connect the 15- Pin ends of the signal cable to the VGA port of your monitor and the VGA OUT jack 
on the back of your computer. Secure the screws on both ends of the signal cable.  
3. Connect the round end of power  adapter to the monitor, then connect one end of the power cords  to 
the power adapter and the other end to the nearest electrical outlet.  
4. Power on your computer and monitor. If your monitor displays an image, the installation has been 
successfully done. If the monitor does not display any image, check all the connections.  
 
Cautions:   1. For installation, please complete signal cord connection before plugging the power cord 
into the electrical outlet to avoid damaging the monitor.  
2. During installation, please support the front frame with your hand at its center of gravity to 
avoid dropping and damaging the monitor.  
 
 
 
Overview of the ports of the monitor:  
1. DC power supply input  
2. DVI signal input  
3.   VGA signal input  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   5 2.3  Disconnect the pedestal  for shipping 
 
 Press the clip button on the pedestal and remove the pedestal from the stand.  
 
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   6 Chapter III. Monitor overview  
 
Overview of front panel controls  
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   7 Chapter IV. Operational Instruction  
4.1  Power ON/OFF Switch  
Press this button to power on/off your monitor. Note: The ON/OFF switch does not disconnect your 
monitor from the main voltage. To completely disconnect the main voltage, please remove the power plug from the socket.  
 
4.2  Power indi cator  
The power LED  is blue when the monitor operates normally. If the monitor runs in power -saving 
mode, this indicator changes to amber. When the monitor is turned off, this indicator is unlit.  
 
4.3  Menu features  
All the following features of your monitor can be accessed and adjusted by using the on screen display (menu) system.  
1. If your monitor is not powered on, press the " Power ” button to turn it on.  
2. Press the " Menu ” button to activate the OSD menu. The OSD main menu will be displayed.  
3. To view the main menu or submenu, press the “+” on the front panel of your monitor to scroll up 
or the “ -” to scroll down. Then press the " OK” button to select a highlighted function.  
When the highlight scrolls down to the bottom of the menu, it returns to top of the menu. When the highlight scrolls up to the top of the menu, it returns to bottom of the menu."  
4. To adjust the selected option, press the “+” or “ -” button.  
5. Select “Save ” and return.  If you do not want to save the setting, select “ Cancel ” from the 
submenu or “ Exit” from the main menu.  
6. Press the “ Menu ” button to exit from the OSD menu.  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   8 4.4  OSD operational instructions  
Icon Main menu 
option  Submenu option Note  
 Brightness   To adjust the brightness level of the 
screen. The factory default range is 
90. 
 Contrast   To adjust the contrast level of the 
screen. The factory default range is 
80. 
 
 
 
 Color   Selects the screen color.The 
factory is 6500K or Custom 
color,depending on the mode.  
  Warm - 5000K  Changes color to slightly reddis h 
white.  
  Standard- 6500K  Uses standard colors (default).  
  Cool- 9300K  Change color to slightly blueish 
white.  
  Custom (RGB) Selects and adjusts your own color 
scales: 
 
Red Color – sets your own red color 
levels.  
 
Green Color – sets your own green 
color levels.  
 
Blue Color – sets your own blue 
color levels.  
 Image control   To adjust the image on the screen. 
The ambient brightness sensor can 
also be enabled or disabled (only 
applicable to some models)  
  Auto-adjustment  To automatically adjust the image 
on the screen (only applicable to 
VGA input).   
  Clock  and P hase  To adjust the clock phase of the 
screen.  
This adjustment eliminates all 
horizontal noises to enable clearer 
and more lifelike images and Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   9 characters (only applicable to VGA 
input)  
  Horizontal position  To adjust the horizontal position of 
an image (only applicable to VGA 
input).   
  Vertical position  To adjust the vertical position of an 
image (only applicable to VGA 
input).   
  Custom Scaling  Selects the method on how 
display ed information on the 
monitor will be formatted.Select  
 
Fill to Screen – image fills the entire 
screen and may look distorted or 
elongated because of 
non-proportional scaling of height 
and width.  
 
Fill to Aspect Ration – image is 
sized to fit the screen an d maintains 
proportional image.  
  Sharppness  Adjusts the screen imageto look 
sharper or soft.  
   Dynamic Contrast  Turns Dynamic Contrast Ratio On 
or Off.The factory default is Off.  
 OSD Control   Provides a menu for adjusting the 
on-screen display(OSD )control.  
  OSD position  To adjust OSD position for your 
monitor.   
  Horizontal OSD 
Position  To adjust the visual position of the 
OSD menu to the right or left of the 
screen. The factory default 
horizontal position value is 97.  
 
  Vertical OSD 
Position  To adjust the visual position of the 
OSD menu up or down the screen. 
The factory default vertical position 
value is 13. 
 
  OSD Transparency  To adjust the transparency to 
enable transparent background 
information under the OSD.  
  OSD Timeout  To set the OSD display time (in 
seconds) after the last pressing the 
button. The factory default setting is Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   10 
“30 seconds”.  
  
 
Management    
To select the function of power 
management for your monitor.    
 
 Power S aver  To enable the energy -saving 
function , Select  
On  
off 
The factory default setting is O n. 
  Power -On Recall  Restores power to the monitor 
following an unexpected removal of 
power.  Select:  
 
 On 
 Off 
The factory default is On.  
  Mode Display  The resolution, refresh rate and 
frequency information will be 
displayed when the OSD main 
menu is accessed. Please select 
“On” or “Off” as the factory default 
on-off setting .  
  Monitor Status  The operational status of your 
monitor will be displayed when you 
power on your monitor. To select 
the positions where the status 
information is displayed:  
Top  
Middle  
Bottom  
Off  
The factory default setting is “Top”  
  DDC/CI support  Controlling some OSD menu 
functions, such as brightness, 
contrast and color temperature, on 
your computer is allowed.   
This featur e can be set as “On” or 
“Off”. The factory default setting is 
On. 
  Bezel Power LED  Power on/off the indicator (LED) on 
the power button. If the indicator is 
set as “Off”, it will be off all the time.   
  Sleep timer  The following timer adjustment 
menu  options are available:   
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   11 Set current time – to set the current 
time in hours and minutes.   
 
Set sleep time – to set the desired 
time when your monitor works 
under the sleeping mode.   
 
Set On time – to set the desired 
time when your monitor is 
awakened from the sleeping mode.   
 
Timer - Set “On’ or “Off” status for 
the Sleep Timer. The default setting 
is “Off”.  
 
Sleep Now – to activate the sleep 
mode for your monitor  
 Language   Selects the language in which the 
OSD menu is displayed.The factory 
defaul t is English . 
 Information   To select and display important 
information about your monitor.  
 Factory Reset  
  The factory default settings will be 
reset 
 
 Input Control   When the monitor is connected to 
two active and valid video sources, 
switching between the video input 
source is available. Switching the 
video input signal sources may take 
you several seconds.  
 EXIT   Exits the OSD menu screen.  
 
 
  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   12 Chapter V. Technical Information  
 
5.1  Factory preset display mode  
Criteria  Resolution  Horizontal frequency  Vertical frequency  
1 640X480 @60 Hz  31.469  59.94  
2 720X400 @70 Hz  31.469  70.087  
3 800X600 @60 Hz  37.879  60.317  
4 1024X768 @60 Hz  48.363  60.004  
5 1280X720 @60 Hz  45.00 60.00 
6 1280X1024 @ 60 Hz  63.981 60.02  
7 1440X900 @60 Hz  55.935 59.887  
8 1600X900 @60 Hz  60.00  60.00  
9 1680X1050@60 Hz  65.29  60.00  
10 1920X1080@ 60Hz  67.50  60.00  
 
 Note: The factory preset display mode is subject to change without notice.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   13 5.2  Product specifications  
Size 23.6" wide screen  
Max. res olution  1920 x 1080 @ 60 Hz  
Recommended resolution  1920 x 1080 @ 60 Hz  
Horizontal frequency  24-94 kHz 
Vertical frequency  50-76 Hz  
Viewable size  521.28 x 293.22 mm  
Viewable angle  170 (H)  160 (V) 
Pitching angle -5º to 15º  
Pixel frequency  170 MHz  
OSD functions  Brightness, Contrast, Image Control, Languages, Color, 
Management, Information, Factory Reset , Input Control , Exit, 
Size (Packing)  630 (L) x 119(W) x 479 (H) mm  
Net weight/ Gross weight  3.6 KG / 5.6  KG 
Power supply  100-240VAC,50/60Hz  
Altitude (under operational condition)  0 ～ 3658 m(0 ～12 000 feet)  
Altitude (under storing condition)  0 ～ 12192 m(0 ～ 40,000 feet)  
Input signal  VGA  and DVI  
Contrast  1000: 1  
Brightness  250 cd/m2  
Response time  5 ms  
Color displayed  16.7 M  
Power  (max) 26 W 
Operational environment  Temperature: 5- 35℃; humidity: 20% ~ 80%  
Storing  environment  Temperature: -20-60℃; humidity: 10% ~ 85%  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   14 5.3  Signal cable connector  
 
PIN Signal  
1 Red Signal  
2 Green Signal  
3 Blue Signal  
4 Ground  
5 Cable testing  
6 Red Signal Ground  
7 Green Signal Ground  
8 Blue Signal Ground  
9 5 VDC 
10 Null 
11 Ground  
12 SDA (for DDC)  
13 Horizontal synchronization  
14 Vertical synchronization  
15 SCL (for DDC)  
 
VGA Interface
  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   15 PIN SIGNAL  
1 TMDS Data 2 - 
2 TMDS Data 2 +  
3 TMDS Data 2 / 4 Shield  
4 TMDS Data 4 - 
5 TMDS Data 4 +  
6 DDC Clock  
7 DDC Data  
8 No Connect  
9 TMDS Data 1 - 
10 TMDS Data 1 +  
11 TMDS Data 1 / 3 Shield  
12 TMDS Data 3 - 
13 TMDS Data 3 +  
14 +3.3/+5V Power (from PC)  
15 Ground (Return for +5V)  
16 Hot Plug Detect  
17 TMDS Data 0 - 
18 TMDS Data 0 +  
19 TMDS Data 0 / 5 Shield  
20 TMDS Data 5 - 
21 TMDS Data 5 +  
22 TMDS Clock Shield 
23 TMDS Clock +  
24 TMDS Clock - 
 
DVI Interface  
 
5.4  Panel testing  
 
The ratio of valid pixels on each LCD screen reaches 99.99% or higher. However, less than 0.01% of the 
pixels may cause dark dots displayed on the screen.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   16 A  Safety and Maintenance Guidelines  
 
Important Safety Information  
 
A power cord is included with the monitor. If another cord is used, use only a power source and 
connection appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with the monitor, refer to the “ Power Cord Set Requirements” section in Agency Regulatory Notices.  
  
Warning!  To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:  
 
• Do not disable the power cord grounding feature. The grounding plug is an important safety 
feature.  
• Plug the power cord into an easily accessible grounded outlet.  
• Disconnect the power from the equipment by unplugging the power cord from the electrical 
outlet.  
  For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging from the electrical outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.  
 
 
To reduce the risk of serious injury, read the Safety and Comfort Guide. It describes proper workstation, setup, posture, and health and work habits for computer users, and provides important electrical and mechanical safety information. This guide is located on the Web at http://www.hp.com/ergo and/or on the documentation CD, if one is included with the monitor.  
  
CAUTION : For the protection of the monitor, as well as the computer, connect all power cords for 
the computer and its peripheral devices (such as a monitor, printer and scanner) to some form of surge protection device such as a power strip or Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). Not all power strips provide surge protection; the power strips must be specifically labeled as having this ability. Use a power strip whose manufacturer offers a Damage Replacement Policy so you can replace the equipment, if surge protection fails.  
 Use the appropriate and correctly sized furniture designed to properly support your HP LCD monitor.  
 
WARNING! LCD monitors that are inappropriately situated on dressers, bookcases, shelves, 
desks,  speakers, chests, or carts may fall over and cause personal injury.  
Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD monitor so that they can not be pulled, grabbed, or tripped over.  
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   17 Safety Precautions  
󲐀 Use only a power source and connection compatible with this monitor, as indicated on the label/  
back plate of the monitor.  
󲐀 Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not exceed the 
current  rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the 
power  
cord does not exceed the rating of the power cord. Look on the power label to determine the ampere  
rating (Amps or A) for each device.  
󲐀 Install your monitor near a power outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by  
grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by pulling the  
cord.  
󲐀 Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   18 Maintenance Guidelines  
 
To enhance the performance and extend the life of your monitor:  
● Do not open your monitor cabinet or attempt to service this product yourself. Adjust only 
those controls that are covered in the operating instructions. If your monitor is not 
operating properly or has been dropped or damaged, contact your HP authorized dealer, reseller, or service provider.  
● Use only a power source and connection appropriate for this monitor, as indicated on the label/ back plate of the monitor.  
● Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not exceed the 
current rating of the electrical outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the cord does not exceed the rating of the cord. Check the power label to determine the ampere rating (AMPS or A) for each device.  
● Install your monitor near an outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by 
grasping the plug firmly and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by pulling the cord.  
● Turn your monitor off when not in use. You can substantially increase the life expectancy of 
your monitor by using a screen saver program and turning off the monitor when not in use.  
Note: The HP Warranty does not c over monitors with a burned- in image .  
● Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. These openings must not be 
blocked or covered. Never push objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.  
● Do not drop your monitor or plac e it on an unstable surface.  
● Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.  
● Keep your monitor in a well -ventilated area, away from excessive light, heat or moisture.  
● When removing the monitor base, you must lay the monit or face down on a soft area to 
prevent it from being scratched, defaced, or broken.  
 
Cleaning your monitor  
1. Turn off the monitor and the computer.  
2. Unplug the monitor from the wall outlet.  
3. Clean the monitor plastics with a clean cloth dampened with water.  
4. Clean the monitor screen with an antistatic screen cleaner.  
CAUTION:  Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, or any other volatile substances to clean 
the monitor or the screen. These chemicals may damage the cabinet finish as well as the 
screen.  
 
 
Shipping the monitor  
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. You may need it later if you move or ship your 
monitor.  To prepare the monitor for shipping, refer to Chapter 2, “ Disconnect the Pedestal for 
Shipping. ” Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   19 B  Agency Regulatory Notices 
Federal Communications Commission Notice  
 
European Union Regulatory Notice  
 Korean Notice  
 
Japanese Notice  
 
 
 
Power Cord Set Requirements  
 
The monitor power supply is provided with Automatic Line Switching (ALS). This feature allows the 
monitor to operate on input voltages between 100– 120V or 200– 240V.  
 The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) received with the monitor meets the requirements for use  in the country where you purchased the equipment.  
 If you need to obtain a power cord for a different country, you should purchase a power cord that is  
approved for use in that country.  The power cord must be rated for the product and for the voltage and current marked on the product's  electrical ratings label. The voltage and current rating of the cord should be greater than 
the voltage and current rating marked on the product. In addition, the cross -sectional area of the 
wire must be a minimum  of 0.75 mm² or 18 AWG, and the length of the cord must be between 6 
feet (1.8 m) and 12 feet (3.6 m).If you have questions about the type of power cord to use, contact 
an authorized HP service provider.  
 A power cord should be routed so that it is not likely to be walked on or pinched by items placed upon it or against it. Particular attention should be paid to the plug, electrical outlet, and the point 
where the cord exits from the product.  
 
Japanese Power Cord Requirements  
For use in Japan, use only the power cord received with this product.  
CAUTION: Do not use the power cord received with this product on any other products.  
Product Environmental Notices  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   20 ENERGY STAR ○R
HP Displays marked with the ENERGY STAR Qualification  
○R certification mark meet the requirements of the 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) ENERGY STAR ○R program. The EPA ENERGY 
STAR○R certif ication mark does not imply endorsement by the EPA. As an ENERGY STAR ○R 
Partner, Hewlett Packard Company has determined that this product meets the ENERGY STAR ○R
  
program requirements for display energy efficiency.  
       The f ollowing ENERGY STAR ○R certification mark appears on all ENERGY STAR
 ○R 
qualified displays:  
     The ENERGY STAR ○R program specifications for displays and computers were created by 
the EPA to promote energy efficiency and reduce air pollution through more energy -efficient 
equipment in homes, offices, and factories. One way products achieve this goal is by using the 
Microsoft Windows power management feature to reduce power consumption when the product is not in use.  The power management feature enables the computer to initiate a low -power or 
“sleep” mode after a period of user inactivity. When used with an external ENERGY STAR
○R 
qualified display, this feature also supports similar power management features for the display. To take advantage of these potential energy savings, users should use the default power management settings that are provided with ENERGY STAR q ualified computers and displays. 
The default power management settings on ENERGY STAR
○R
  qualified computers are preset to 
behave in the following ways when the system is operating on AC power:  
           ●  Turn off an external display after 15 minutes of user inactivity  
 
           ●  Initiate a low power sleep mode for the computer after 30 minutes of user 
inactivity ENERGY STAR ○R qualified computers exit the low power sleep mode and ENERGY 
STAR
 ○R qualified displays resume operation when the user resumes use of the computer. 
Examples include the user pressing the power/sleep button, receiving an input signal from an input 
device, receiving an input signal from a network connection with the Wake On LAN (WOL) feat ure 
enabled, etc.  
Additional information on the ENERGY STAR ○R program, its environmental benefits and the 
potential energy and financial savings of the power management feature can be found on the EPA 
ENERGY STAR ○R Power Management Web site at http://www.energystar.gov/powermanagement ,Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   21  
HP Recycling Program  
 
HP encourages customers to recycle used electronic hardware, HP original print cartridges, and  
rechargeable batteries. For more information about recycling programs, go to http://www.hp.com/  
recycle. 
 
Chemical Substances  
 
HP is committed to providing our customers with information about the chemical substances in our 
products as needed to comply with legal requirements such as REACH (Regulation EC No 1907/2006 of the European Parliament  and Council). A chemical information report for this product 
can be found at 
http://www.hp.com/go/reach . 
 
Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS)  
 
A Japanese regulatory requirement, defined by specification JIS C 0950, 2005, mandates that manufacturers provide Material Content Declarations for certain categories of electronic products offered for sale after July 1, 2006. To view the JIS C 0950 material declaration for this product, visit 
http://www.hp.com/go/jisc0950 . 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   22 
 
 
Disposal of Waste Equipment by Users in Private Household in the  
 
European Union  
 
 
This symbol on the product or on its packaging indicates that this product must not be disposed of 
with your household waste. Instead, it is your responsibility to dispose of your waste equipment by 
handing it over to a designated collection point for the recycling or waste electrical and electronic 
equipment.  The separate collection and recycling of your waste equipment at the time of disposal 
will help to conserve natural resources and ensure that it is recycled in a manner that protects 
human health and the environment. For more information about where you can drop off your waste 
equipment for recycling,  please contact the local city  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   23 C  Troubleshooting  
 
Solving common probl ems  
 
Shown below are possible problems, reasons, and recommended solutions:  
 
Problems  Solutions  
The LED power 
indicator is not lit  Ensure the Power button is switched on and the power cord is properly 
connected to the grounded power outlet and the monitor.  
 Select Management in the OSD menu before selecting the power indicator on 
the panel. Check if the Panel Power Indicator is set as Off. If so, set it as On.  
 
Nothing displayed on 
the screen  Connect the power cord. Power on the device.  
 Connect the video cable correctly. For more information, see "Installation" 
chapter.  
 
 
 
 Press any key on your keyboard or move your mouse to disable the 
screensaver.  
Blurred or dark image 
Image is not centered.   
Press the Menu button to activate the OSD menu. Select Image Control. Then select Horizontal Position or Vertical Position to adjust the position of the 
image.  
 
The screen display 
input signal is out of 
the valid scope.    Connect the monitor VGA signal cable to the VGA connector on the computer.  
Be sure that the computer power is off while connecting the video cable.  
  Enter Safe Mode after your computer is restarted. Apply the set ting supported 
by your monitor (See table 5.1 in Chapter 5.  B: Factory Preset Display Mode). 
Restart your computer to activate the new setting.  
Blurred and ghost 
image . 
 
 
  
Adjust the contrast and brightness controls.  
Make sure no extension cord or switc h box is used. HP suggests you to 
connect your monitor to the graphic card output port on the back of your 
computer.  
For VGA input, Auto -adjustment will solve problems of this kind.  
The optimum resolution of the monitor is not available  
 
   
Make sure the graphic card supports optimum resolution.  
Make sure latest applicable driver for graphic card is installed. For HP and 
Compaq systems, you may download the latest applicable graphic card drivers 
at: www.hp.com/s upport . For other systems, visit the websites for your graphic 
card.  
 
Plug-and-play is not 
available  
 
     To enable the plug- and-play feature for your monitor, you should have 
plug-and-play-ready computer and graphic card. Please contact the 
manufactu rer of your computer.  
Check the video cable of your monitor. Make sure there are no bent PINs.  
Make sure the HP monitor driver is installed. You may download the HP monitor driver at: 
www.hp.com/support   
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   24 Problems  Solutions (Continued)  
 
Withering, flicker or moiré effect  
  Keep the monitor away from electric devices that may cause possible 
electrical interference.  
Use the maximum refresh rate of the monitor under current resolution.  
   The “Sleep Mode” is always enabled for the monitor (yellow LED).  Make sure your monitor is powered on.  
The graphic card of your computer should be secured in the slot.  
Make sure the video cable of your monitor is correctly connected to your 
computer.  
Check the video cable of your monitor. Make sure there are no bent PINs.  
Make sure your computer is working normally.  Press the Caps Lock key on your keyboard and have a look at the Caps Lock LED (available on most keyboards). The LED will light or fade out.  
Contacting Support  
 
You may contact the customer service department by visiting HP technical support website at: 
www.hp.com/support   
Select the country / territory where you are. Follow the link to visit pages applicable to your monitor.  
 
Preparing to Call Technical Support  
If you cannot solve a problem by using the troubleshooting tips in this section, you might have to call technical support. For technical support contact information, refer to the printed documentation 
included with the monitor.  
 
Have the following information available when you call:  
󲐀 Monitor model number (located on label on back of monitor)  
󲐀 Monitor serial number (located on label on back of monitor or in the OSD display in the 
Information menu)  
󲐀 Purchase date on invoice  
󲐀 Conditions under which the problem occurred  
󲐀 Error messages received  
󲐀 Hardware configuration  
󲐀 Name and version of hardware and software you are using  
 
Locating the Rating Label  
The rating label on the monitor provides the product number and serial number. You may need these  numbers when contacting HP about your monitor model.  
The rating label is on the back of the monitor.  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User Guide
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  © 2017 HP Development Company, L.P.
FreeSync and Radeon are trademarks of 
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. HDMI, the HDMI 
Logo and High-Definition  Multimedia Interface 
are trademarks or registered trademarks of 
HDMI Licensing LLC. Windows is either a 
registered trademark or trademark of 
Microsoft Corporation in the United States 
and/or other countries.
The information contained herein is subject to 
change without notice. The only warranties for 
HP products and services are set forth in the 
express warranty statements accompanying 
such products and services. Nothing herein 
should be construed as constituting an 
additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for 
technical or editorial errors or omissions 
contained herein.
Product notice
This guide describes features that are common 
to most models. Some features may not be 
available on your product. To access the latest 
user guide, go to http://www.hp.com/ support , 
and select your country. Select Find your 
product , and then follow the on-screen 
instructions.
Second Edition: April 2017
Document Part Number: 922775-002Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About This Guide
This guide provides information on monitor features, setting up the monitor , using the software and technical 
specifications.
WARNING! Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to follow directions could result in bodily harm or 
loss of life.
CAUTION: Text set off in this manner indicates that failure to follow directions could result in damage to 
equipment or loss of information.
NOTE: Text set off in this manner provides important supplemental information.
TIP: Text set off in this manner provides helpful hints.
This product incorporates HDMI technology.
iiiDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  iv   About This GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table of contents
1  Getting Started  .............................................................................................................................................  1
Important safety information  ...............................................................................................................................  1
Product features and components  ........................................................................................................................  2
Features  ...............................................................................................................................................  2
Rear components  ................................................................................................................................  3
Front components  .................................................................................................................................................  4
Setting up the monitor  ..........................................................................................................................................  5
Attaching the monitor stand  ...............................................................................................................  5
Connecting the cables  .........................................................................................................................  6
Adjusting the monitor  .........................................................................................................................  7
Turning on the monitor  .......................................................................................................................  8
Mounting the monitor  .........................................................................................................................  8
Removing the monitor stand  ............................................................................................  9
Attaching the VESA mounting bracket  ...........................................................................  10
Installing a security cable  .................................................................................................................  11
2  Using the monitor  ........................................................................................................................................  12
Software and utilities  ..........................................................................................................................................  12
The Information file ...........................................................................................................................  12
The Image Color Matching file ...........................................................................................................  12
Installing the INF and ICM files  ............................................................................................................................  12
Installing from the optical disc (available in select regions)  ............................................................  12
Downloading from the Web  ..............................................................................................................  13
Using the on-screen display (OSD) menu  ............................................................................................................  13
Assigning the Function buttons  ...........................................................................................................................  14
Adjusting to Low Blue Light Mode  .......................................................................................................................  15
Using Auto-Sleep Mode  .......................................................................................................................................  15
3  Support and troubleshooting  ........................................................................................................................  16
Solving common problems  ..................................................................................................................................  16
Button lockouts  ...................................................................................................................................................  16
Product support  ...................................................................................................................................................  17
Preparing to call technical support  .....................................................................................................................  17
Locating the rating labels  ....................................................................................................................................  17
vDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4  Maintaining the monitor  ..............................................................................................................................  18
Maintenance guidelines  .......................................................................................................................................  18
Cleaning the monitor  .........................................................................................................................  18
Shipping the monitor  .........................................................................................................................  18
Appendix A  Technical specifications  .................................................................................................................  19
Preset display resolutions  ...................................................................................................................................  20
Entering user modes  .........................................................................................................................  21
Power adapter  .....................................................................................................................................................  21
Energy saver feature  ...........................................................................................................................................  21
Appendix B  Accessibility  .................................................................................................................................  22
Supported assistive technologies  .......................................................................................................................  22
Contacting support  ..............................................................................................................................................  22
viDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1 Getting Started
Important safety information
A power cord is included with the monitor. If another cord is used, use only a power source and connection 
appropriate for this monitor. For information on the correct power cord set to use with the monitor , refer to 
the Product Notices  provided on your optical disc, if one is included, or in your documentation kit.
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
• Plug the power cord into an AC outlet that is easily accessible at all times.
• Disconnect power from the computer by unplugging the power cord from the AC outlet.
• If provided with a 3-pin attachment plug on the power cord, plug the cord into a grounded (earthed) 3-pin 
outlet. Do not disable the power cord grounding pin, for example, by attaching a 2-pin adapter. The grounding 
pin is an important safety feature.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may 
accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging from the AC outlet, 
grasp the cord by the plug.
To reduce the risk of serious injury, read the Safety & Comfort Guide . It describes proper workstation setup, 
posture, and health and work habits for computer users. The Safety & Comfort Guide  also provides important 
electrical and mechanical safety information. The Safety & Comfort Guide  is located on the Web at 
http://www.hp.com/ ergo .
CAUTION:  For the protection of the monitor , as well as the computer , connect all power cords for the 
computer and its peripheral devices (such as a monitor , printer , scanner) to some form of surge protection 
device such as a power strip or Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS). Not all power strips provide surge 
protection; the power strips must be specifically  labeled as having this ability. Use a power strip whose 
manufacturer offers  a Damage Replacement Policy so you can replace the equipment, if surge protection 
fails.
Use the appropriate and correctly sized furniture designed to properly support your HP LCD monitor.
WARNING! LCD monitors that are inappropriately situated on dressers, bookcases, shelves, desks, speakers, 
chests, or carts may fall over and cause personal injury.
Care should be taken to route all cords and cables connected to the LCD monitor so that they cannot be pulled, 
grabbed, or tripped over.
NOTE: This product is suitable for entertainment purposes. Consider placing the monitor in a controlled 
luminous environment to avoid interference from surrounding light and bright surfaces that may cause 
disturbing reflections  from the screen.
Important safety information 1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Product features and components
Features
This product is an AMD FreeSync™–qualified  monitor , which allows you to enjoy PC gaming with smooth, 
responsive, tear-free performance whenever a picture changes on the screen. The external source connected 
to your monitor must have the FreeSync driver installed.
AMD FreeSync technology is designed to eliminate stuttering and tearing in games and videos by locking a 
monitor’s refresh rate to the frame rate of the graphics card. Check with the manufacturer of your component 
or system for specific  capabilities.
IMPORTANT: AMD Radeon™ Graphics and/or AMD A-Series APU-compliant monitors with DisplayPort/HDMI 
Adaptive-Sync required. AMD 15.11 Crimson driver (or newer) is required to support FreeSync over HDMI. 
NOTE: Adaptive refresh rates vary by monitor. More information is available at www.amd.com/ freesync .
To enable FreeSync on the monitor , press the Menu  button on the monitor to open the on-screen display 
(OSD) menu. Select Color Control , select Viewing Modes , and then select Gaming .
The light-emitting diode (LED) backlit monitor has an active matrix, VA (vertical alignment) panel. The 
monitor features include the following:
● 68.59 cm (27-inch) FHD curved 1800r 3–side borderless display with 1920 × 1080 resolution and a 75 
Hz or 144 Hz refresh rate
● Tilt capability and easy viewing from sitting or standing position, or while moving from one side of the 
monitor to the other
● HDMI (High-Definition  Multimedia Interface) video input
● DisplayPort video input
● Plug and Play capability if supported by your operating system
● On-screen display (OSD) adjustments in 10 languages for easy setup and screen optimization
● My Display software for adjusting monitor settings through Windows®
● HDCP (High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection) used on digital inputs
● Software and documentation optical disc provided with the monitor in select regions that includes 
monitor drivers and product documentation
● VESA mounting bracket for attaching the monitor to a wall-mount device or swing arm
● Low Blue Light Mode settings to create a more relaxing and less stimulating image
NOTE: For safety and regulatory information, refer to the Product Notices  provided on your optical disc, if 
one is included, or in your documentation kit. To locate updates to the user guide for your product, go to 
http://www.hp.com/ support . Select Find your product , and then follow the on-screen instructions.
2 Chapter 1   Getting StartedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Rear components
NOTE: Depending on your model, the connector components will vary.
Component Function
1 Menu /OK button If the OSD menu is open, press to confirm  selection.
If the OSD menu is closed, press to open the OSD menu.
2 Plus/Up/Next Input Port 
button
Function 2 button 
assignable*If the OSD menu is open, press to navigate forward through the OSD menu 
and increase adjustment levels.
If the OSD menu is closed, press to switch the monitor’s input source to the 
next active input.
3 Minus/Down/Viewing 
Modes button
Function 3 button 
assignable*If the OSD menu is open, press to navigate forward through the OSD menu 
and decrease adjustment levels.
If the OSD menu is closed, press to open the Viewing Modes menu.
4 Exit/Back/Information 
button
Function 4 button 
assignable*If the OSD menu is open, press to exit the OSD menu or back up a level.
If the OSD menu is closed, press to open the Information menu.
5 Power  button Turns the monitor on or off.
6 Power connector Connects an AC adapter to the monitor.
7 DisplayPort Connects a DisplayPort cable to the source device.
The 144 Hz model has the HDMI port in this location.
8 HDMI port Connects an HDMI cable to the source device.
The 144 Hz model has the DisplayPort port in this location.
9 Audio-out (headphone) 
jackConnects optional powered stereo speakers or headphones to the monitor.
WARNING! To reduce the risk of personal injury, adjust the volume before 
using headphones, earbuds, or a headset. For additional safety information, 
see the Product Notices  provided on the optical disc, if one is included with 
your product.
Product features and components 3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Component Function
NOTE: When a device is connected to a headphone jack, the speakers are 
disabled.
10 Security cable slot Attaches an optional security cable to the monitor.
NOTE: * Buttons 2–4 are function buttons that can be changed from their default settings in the OSD menu to a 
different  menu selection that you most commonly use and want to quickly access. See Assigning the Function buttons 
on page 14 for more information.
Front components
The power light is located on the front bezel of the monitor. When illuminated, indicates that monitor power 
is on.
4 Chapter 1   Getting StartedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting up the monitor
Attaching the monitor stand
CAUTION: Do not touch the surface of the LCD panel. Pressure on the panel may cause nonuniformity of 
color or disorientation of the liquid crystals. If this occurs, the screen will not recover to its normal condition.
TIP: Consider the placement of the monitor , because the bezel might cause interfering reflections  from 
surrounding light and bright surfaces.
1. Position the monitor on a level surface with the bottom side up.
CAUTION: Do not lay the monitor facedown when reinstalling the stand. Stress on the curvature of the 
monitor panel may damage the panel if the monitor is placed facedown.
2. Secure the base (1) to the stand by inserting the screw through the base and tightening the screw (2).
Setting up the monitor 5Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the cables
NOTE: The monitor ships with select cables. Not all cables shown in this section are included with the 
monitor.
1. Place the monitor in a convenient, well-ventilated location near the computer.
2. Connect a video cable to the video input port.
NOTE: The monitor automatically determines which inputs have valid video signals. The inputs can be 
selected by pressing the Menu  button and selecting Input Control .
● Connect one end of an HDMI cable to the HDMI port on the back of the monitor and the other end to 
the source device.
● Connect one end of a DisplayPort cable to the DisplayPort on the rear of the monitor and the other 
end to the source device.
6 Chapter 1   Getting StartedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3. Connect one end of the power cord to the AC adapter (1), and the other end of the power cord to a 
grounded AC outlet (2). Then, connect the AC adapter to the monitor (3).
WARNING! To reduce the risk of electric shock or damage to the equipment:
Do not disable the power cord grounding plug. The grounding plug is an important safety feature.
Plug the power cord into a grounded (earthed) AC outlet that is easily accessible at all times.
Disconnect power from the equipment by unplugging the power cord from the AC outlet.
For your safety, do not place anything on power cords or cables. Arrange them so that no one may 
accidentally step on or trip over them. Do not pull on a cord or cable. When unplugging the power cord 
from the AC outlet, grasp the cord by the plug.
Adjusting the monitor
Tilt the monitor panel forward or backward to set it to a comfortable eye level.
Setting up the monitor 7Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Turning on the monitor
1. Press the power button on the source device to turn it on.
2. Press the Power  button on the rear of the monitor to turn it on.
CAUTION: Burn-in image damage may occur on monitors that display the same static image on the screen 
for 12 consecutive hours of non-use. To avoid burn-in image damage on the monitor screen, you should 
always activate a screen saver application or turn off the monitor when it is not in use for a prolonged period 
of time. Image retention is a condition that may occur on all LCD screens. Monitors with a “burned-in image” 
are not covered under the HP warranty.
NOTE: If pressing the Power  button has no effect,  the Power Button Lockout feature may be enabled. To 
disable this feature, press and hold the Power  button for 10 seconds.
NOTE: You can disable the power light in the OSD menu. Press the Menu  button on the rear of the monitor , 
select Power Control , select Power LED , and then select Off.
When the monitor is powered on, a Monitor Status message is displayed for five seconds. The message shows 
which input is the current active signal, the status of the auto-switch source setting (On or Off; factory default 
is On), the current preset screen resolution, and the recommended preset screen resolution.
The monitor automatically scans the signal inputs for an active input and uses that input.
Mounting the monitor
The monitor panel can be attached to a wall, swing arm, or other mounting fixture.
CAUTION: This monitor supports the VESA industry standard 100 mm mounting holes. To attach a third-
party mounting solution to the monitor , four 4 mm, 0.7 pitch, and 10 mm long screws are required. Longer 
screws must not be used because they may damage the monitor. It is important to verify that the 
manufacturer’s mounting solution is compliant with the VESA standard and is rated to support the weight of 
the monitor display panel. For best performance, it is important to use the power and video cables provided 
with the monitor.
8 Chapter 1   Getting StartedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Removing the monitor stand
You can remove the monitor from the stand to mount the monitor on a wall, a swing arm, or other mounting 
fixture.
CAUTION: Before beginning to disassemble the monitor , be sure the monitor is turned off and all cables are 
disconnected.
1. Position the monitor on a level surface with the bottom side up.
CAUTION: The screen is fragile. Avoid touching or applying pressure to the screen; doing so can cause 
damage. Do not lay the monitor facedown when reinstalling the stand. Stress on the curvature of the 
monitor panel may damage the panel if the monitor is placed facedown.
2. Remove the screw (1). Then remove the base from the stand (2), and the stand (3) from the monitor.
Setting up the monitor 9Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Attaching the VESA mounting bracket
A VESA mounting bracket is included with the monitor for use when attaching the monitor panel to a wall, 
swing arm, or other mounting fixture.
1. Remove the monitor from the stand. Refer to Removing the monitor stand on page 9.
2. Attach the VESA mounting bracket (1) by inserting and tightening the screws (2).
3. Secure the mounting plate to the wall or swing arm of your choice using the four screws included with 
the VESA mounting bracket.
10 Chapter 1   Getting StartedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Installing a security cable
You can secure the monitor to a fixed  object with an optional security cable available from HP.
Setting up the monitor 11Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2 Using the monitor
Software and utilities
The optical disc, if one is included with the monitor , contains files  you can install on the computer. If you do 
not have an optical drive, you can download the files  from http://www.hp.com/ support .
● INF (Information) file
● ICM (Image Color Matching) files  (one for each calibrated color space)
● My Display software
The Information file
The INF file defines  monitor resources used by Windows® operating systems to ensure monitor compatibility 
with the computer’s graphics adapter.
This monitor is Windows Plug and Play–compatible and the monitor will work correctly without installing the 
INF file.  Monitor Plug and Play compatibility requires that the computer’s graphic card is VESA DDC2–
compliant and that the monitor connects directly to the graphics card. Plug and Play does not work through 
separate BNC-type connectors or through distribution buffers/boxes.
The Image Color Matching file
The ICM files  are data files  that are used in conjunction with graphics programs to provide consistent color 
matching from monitor screen to printer , or from scanner to monitor screen. This file is activated from within 
graphics programs that support this feature.
NOTE: The ICM color profile  is written in accordance with the International Color Consortium (ICC) Profile 
Format specification.
Installing the INF and ICM files
After you determine that you need to update, use one of the following methods to install the files.
Installing from the optical disc (available in select regions)
To install the INF and ICM files  on the computer from the optical disc:
1. Insert the optical disc in the computer optical drive. The optical disc menu is displayed.
2. View the HP Monitor Software Information  file.
3. Select Install Monitor Driver Software .
4. Follow the on-screen instructions.
5. Ensure that the proper resolution and refresh rates appear in the Windows Display control panel.
12 Chapter 2   Using the monitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloading from the Web
If you do not have a computer or a source device with an optical drive, you can download the latest version of 
INF and ICM files  from the HP monitors support website.
1. Go to http://www.hp.com/ support .
2. Select Get software and drivers .
3. Follow the on-screen instructions to select your monitor and download the software.
Using the on-screen display (OSD) menu
Use the OSD menu to adjust the monitor screen image based on your preferences. You can access and make 
adjustments in the OSD menu using the buttons on the monitor’s bezel.
To access the OSD menu and make adjustments, do the following:
1. If the monitor is not already on, press the Power  button to turn on the monitor.
2. Press the Menu  button to open the OSD.
3. Use the menu options to navigate, select, and adjust the menu choices. The options are variable 
depending on the menu or sub-menu that is active.
The following table lists the menu selections in the OSD menu.
Main Menu Description
Brightness Adjusts the brightness level of the screen. The factory default is 90.
Contrast Adjusts the contrast level of the screen. The factory default is 80.
Color Control Selects and adjusts the screen color.
Input Control Selects the video input signal.
Image Control Adjusts the screen image.
Power Control Adjusts the power settings.
Menu Control Adjusts the OSD controls.
Management Adjusts the DDC/CI settings and returns all OSD menu settings to the factory default settings.
Language Selects the language in which the OSD menu is displayed. The factory default is English.
Information Selects and displays important information about the monitor.
Exit Exits the OSD menu screen.
Using the on-screen display (OSD) menu 13Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Assigning the Function buttons
Pressing one of the 1–4 back bezel Function buttons activates the buttons and displays the icons beside the 
buttons. The factory default functions are shown below.
Button Function
1 Menu/OK Opens the OSD (On-Screen Display) menu.
2 Next Input Port
Function 2 button assignableSwitches the monitor’s input source to the next active input.
3 Viewing Modes
Function 3 button assignableOpens the Viewing Modes menu.
4 Information
Function 4 button assignableOpens the Information menu.
5 Power Turns the monitor on or off.
You can change the Function buttons from their default values so that when the buttons are activated you can 
quickly access commonly used menu items.
To assign the Function buttons:
1. Press one of the 1–4 back bezel buttons to activate the buttons, and then press the Menu button to open 
the OSD.
2. In the OSD menu, select Menu Control  > Assign Buttons  and then select one of the available options for 
the button you want to assign.
NOTE: You can only assign the three Function buttons. You can not reassign the Menu button or the Power 
button.
14 Chapter 2   Using the monitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Adjusting to Low Blue Light Mode
Decreasing the blue light emitting from the display reduces the blue light exposure to your eyes. HP monitors 
provide a setting to reduce blue light output and create a more relaxing and less stimulating image while you 
read content on the screen. To adjust your monitor to a comfortable viewing light, follow the steps below.
To adjust the blue light output from the display:
1. Press the Viewing Mode  button.
2. Select your desired setting:
● Low Blue Light : reduces blue light for improved eye comfort
● Night : adjusts to the lowest blue light and reduces the impact on sleep
● Reading : optimizes blue light and brightness for indoor viewing
3. Select Save and Return  to save your setting and close the Viewing Mode  menu. Select Cancel  if you 
don’t want to save the setting.
4. Select Exit  from the Main menu.
WARNING! To reduce the risk of serious injury, read the Safety & Comfort Guide . It describes proper 
workstation setup, and proper posture, health, and work habits for computer users. The Safety & Comfort 
Guide  also provides important electrical and mechanical safety information. The Safety & Comfort Guide  is 
located on the Web at http://www.hp.com/ ergo .
Using Auto-Sleep Mode
The monitor supports an OSD option called Auto-Sleep Mode  that allows you to enable or disable a reduced 
power state for the display. When Auto-Sleep Mode is enabled (enabled by default), the monitor will enter a 
reduced power state when the host PC signals low power mode (absence of either horizontal or vertical sync 
signal).
Upon entering this reduced power state (sleep mode), the monitor screen is blanked, the backlight is turned 
off, and the power LED indicator turns amber. The monitor draws less than 0.5 W of power when in this 
reduced power state. The monitor will wake from sleep mode when the host PC sends an active signal to the 
monitor (for example, if you activate the mouse or keyboard).
You can disable Auto-Sleep Mode in the OSD menu. Press the Menu  button to open the OSD menu. Select 
Power Control , select Auto-Sleep Mode , and then select Off.
Adjusting to Low Blue Light Mode 15Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3 Support and troubleshooting
Solving common problems
The following table lists possible problems, the possible cause of each problem, and the recommended 
solutions.
Problem Possible Cause Solution
Screen is blank or video is 
flashing.Power cord is disconnected. Connect the power cord.
Power  button is turned off. Press the back bezel Power  button.
NOTE: If pressing the Power  button has no effect,  press and 
hold the Power  button for 10 seconds to disable the Power 
Button Lockout feature.
Video cable is improperly connected. Connect the video cable properly. Refer to Connecting the 
cables on page 6 for more information.
System is in sleep mode. Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to 
inactivate the screen blanking utility.
 Video card is incompatible. Open the OSD menu and select the Input Control  menu. Set 
Auto-Switch Input  to Off and manually select the input.
Image appears blurred, 
indistinct, or too dark.Brightness is too low. Open the OSD menu and select Brightness  to adjust the 
brightness scale as needed.
Input Signal Not Found  is 
displayed on the screen.Monitor video cable is disconnected. Connect the appropriate video signal cable between the 
computer and monitor. Be sure that the computer power is off 
while connecting the video cable.
Input Signal Out of Range  is 
displayed on screen.Video resolution and/or refresh rate 
are set higher than what the monitor 
supports.Change the settings to a supported setting (see Preset display 
resolutions on page 20).
The monitor is off but it did 
not seem to enter into a low-
power sleep mode.The monitor's power saving control is 
disabled.Open the OSD menu and select Power Control , select Auto-
Sleep Mode , and then set auto-sleep to On.
OSD Lockout  is displayed. The monitor's OSD Lockout function 
is enabled.Press and hold the Menu  button on the rear panel for 10 
seconds to disable the OSD Lockout function.
Power Button Lockout  is 
displayed.The monitor's Power Button Lockout 
feature is enabled.Press and hold the Power  button for 10 seconds to unlock the 
Power  button function.
Button lockouts
Holding down the Power  button or Menu  button for ten seconds will lock out the functionality of the buttons. 
You can restore the functionality by holding the buttons down again for ten seconds. This functionality is only 
available when the monitor is powered on, displaying an active signal, and the OSD is not open.
16 Chapter 3   Support and troubleshootingDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Product support
For additional information on using your monitor , go to http://www.hp.com/ support . Select Find your 
product , and then follow the on-screen instructions.
NOTE: The monitor user guide, reference material, and drivers are available at http://www.hp.com/ support . 
Here you can:
● Chat online with an HP technician
NOTE: When support chat is not available in a particular language, it is available in English.
● Locate an HP service center
Preparing to call technical support
If you cannot solve a problem using the troubleshooting tips in this section, you may need to call technical 
support. Have the following information available when you call:
● Monitor product number
● Monitor serial number
● Purchase date on invoice
● Conditions under which the problem occurred
● Error messages received
● Hardware configuration
● Name and version of the hardware and software you are using
Locating the rating labels
The rating labels on the monitor provide the product number and serial number. You may need these 
numbers when contacting HP about the monitor model. The two rating labels are located on the rear of the 
monitor.
Product support 17Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4 Maintaining the monitor
Maintenance guidelines
To enhance the performance and extend the life of the monitor:
● Do not open the monitor cabinet or attempt to service this product yourself. Adjust only those controls 
that are covered in the operating instructions. If the monitor is not operating properly or has been 
dropped or damaged, contact an authorized HP dealer , reseller , or service provider.
● Use only a power source and connection appropriate for this monitor , as indicated on the label/back 
plate of the monitor.
● Be sure the total ampere rating of the products connected to the outlet does not exceed the current 
rating of the AC outlet, and the total ampere rating of the products connected to the cord does not 
exceed the rating of the cord. Look on the power label to determine the ampere rating (AMPS or A) for 
each device.
● Install the monitor near an outlet that you can easily reach. Disconnect the monitor by grasping the plug 
firmly  and pulling it from the outlet. Never disconnect the monitor by pulling the cord.
● Turn the monitor off when not in use. You can substantially increase the life expectancy of the monitor 
by using a screen saver program and turning off the monitor when not in use.
NOTE: Monitors with a “burned-in image” are not covered under the HP warranty.
● Slots and openings in the cabinet are provided for ventilation. These openings must not be blocked or 
covered. Never push objects of any kind into cabinet slots or other openings.
● Do not drop the monitor or place it on an unstable surface.
● Do not allow anything to rest on the power cord. Do not walk on the cord.
● Keep the monitor in a well-ventilated area, away from excessive light, heat, or moisture.
● When removing the monitor stand, you must lay the monitor facedown on a soft area to prevent it from 
getting scratched, defaced, or broken.
Cleaning the monitor
1. Turn off the monitor and unplug the power cord from the back of the unit.
2. Dust the monitor by wiping the screen and the cabinet with a soft, clean antistatic cloth.
3. For more difficult  cleaning situations, use a 50/50 mix of water and Isopropyl alcohol.
CAUTION: Spray the cleaner onto a cloth and use the damp cloth to gently wipe the screen surface. Never 
spray the cleaner directly on the screen surface. It may run behind the bezel and damage the electronics.
CAUTION: Do not use cleaners that contain any petroleum based materials such as benzene, thinner , or any 
volatile substance to clean the monitor screen or cabinet. These chemicals may damage the monitor.
Shipping the monitor
Keep the original packing box in a storage area. You may need it later if you move or ship the monitor.
18 Chapter 4   Maintaining the monitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  A Technical specifications
NOTE: All specifications  represent the typical specifications  provided by HP's component manufacturers; 
actual performance may vary either higher or lower.
For the latest specifications  or additional specifications  on this product, go to http://www.hp.com/ go/
quickspecs/  and search for your specific  monitor model to find  the model-specific  QuickSpecs.
Display
Type68.59 cm  wide screen
VA27–inch wide screen
VA
Viewable image size 68.59 cm  diagonal 27–inch diagonal
Tilt -5° to 12.5°
Weight 5.2 kg 11.5 lbs
Dimensions
Height
Depth
Width43.85 cm
17.92 cm
61.33 cm17.26 in
7.06 in
24.15 in
Maximum graphic resolution 1920 × 1080 (60 Hz)
Optimum graphic resolution 1920 × 1080 (60 Hz)  
Dot pitch 0.2745 mm  
Pixels per inch 92 PPI  
Horizontal frequency
HDMI
DP30 kHz to 140 kHz
30 kHz to 170 kHz 
Vertical refresh rate 75 Hz or 144 Hz
Environmental requirements temperature
Operating temperature
Storage temperature5°C to 35°C
-20°C to 60°C41°F to 95°F
-4°F to 140°F
Relative humidity 20% to 70%  
Power source 100 V ac to 240 V ac 50/60 Hz  
Altitude:
Operating
Storage0 m to 5,000 m
0 m to 12,192 m0 to 16,400 ft
0 to 40,000 ft
Measured power consumption:
Full power41.5 W
19Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Typical settings
Sleep
Off33.5 W
<0.5 W
<0.3 W
Input terminal One DisplayPort, one HDMI port  
Preset display resolutions
The display resolutions listed below are the most commonly used modes and are set as factory defaults. This 
monitor automatically recognizes these preset modes and they will appear properly sized and centered on the 
screen.
Preset Pixel format Horz freq (kHz) Vert freq (Hz)
1 640 × 480 31.469 59.94
2 720 × 400 31.469 70.087
3 800 × 600 37.879 60.317
4 1024 × 768 48.363 60.004
5 1280 × 720 45 60
6 1280 × 800 49.702 59.81
7 1280 × 1024 63.981 60.02
8 1440 × 900 55.469 55.901
9 1600 × 900 60 60
10 1680 × 1050 65.29 59.954
11 1920 × 1080 67.5 60
Preset Timing name Pixel format Horz freq (kHz) Vert freq (Hz)
1 480p 720 × 480 31.469 60
2 576p 720 × 576 31.25 50
3 720p50 1280 × 720 37.5 50
4 720p60 1280 × 720 45 60
5 1080p60 1920 × 1080 67.5 60
6 1080p50 1920 × 1080 56.25 50
20 Appendix A   Technical specificationsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Entering user modes
The video controller signal may occasionally call for a mode that is not preset if:
● You are not using a standard graphics adapter.
● You are not using a preset mode.
If this occurs, you may need to readjust the parameters of the monitor screen by using the on-screen display. 
Your changes can be made to any or all of these modes and saved in memory. The monitor automatically 
stores the new setting, and then recognizes the new mode just as it does a preset mode. In addition to the 
factory preset modes, there are at least 10 user modes that can be entered and stored.
Power adapter
Manufacturer Model number Power supply rating
Delta Electronics (JIANGSU) Ltd. TPC-DA58 19.5 V dc/3.33 A
Chicony Power Technology Co., Ltd. TPC-CA58 19.5 V dc/3.33 A
Energy saver feature
The monitor supports a reduced power state. The reduced power state will be entered into if the monitor 
detects the absence of either the horizontal sync signal or the vertical sync signal. Upon detecting the 
absence of these signals, the monitor screen is blanked, the backlight is turned off, and the power light turns 
amber. When the monitor is in the reduced power state, the monitor will utilize <0.5 watts of power. There is 
a brief warm-up period before the monitor will return to its normal operating state.
Refer to the computer manual for instructions on setting the energy saver mode (sometimes called power 
management feature).
NOTE: The above power saver feature only works when the monitor is connected to a computer that has 
energy saver features.
By selecting the settings in the monitor's Sleep Timer utility, you can also program the monitor to enter into 
the reduced power state at a predetermined time. When the monitor's Sleep Timer utility causes the monitor 
to enter the reduced power state, the power light blinks amber.
Power adapter 21Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  B Accessibility
HP designs, produces, and markets products and services that can be used by everyone, including people with 
disabilities, either on a stand-alone basis or with appropriate assistive devices.
Supported assistive technologies
HP products support a wide variety of operating system assistive technologies and can be configured  to work 
with additional assistive technologies. Use the Search feature on your source device that is connected to the 
monitor to locate more information about assistive features.
NOTE: For additional information about a particular assistive technology product, contact customer support 
for that product.
Contacting support
We are constantly refining  the accessibility of our products and services and welcome feedback from users. If 
you have an issue with a product or would like to tell us about accessibility features that have helped you, 
please contact us at (888) 259-5707, Monday through Friday, 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Mountain Time. If you are deaf 
or hard-of-hearing and use TRS/VRS/WebCapTel, contact us if you require technical support or have 
accessibility questions by calling (877) 656-7058, Monday through Friday, 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Mountain Time.
22 Appendix B   AccessibilityDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model: UP3017Q
Regulatory model: UP3017QtDell UltraSharp UP3017Q
User’s GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of 
your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of data if 
instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal 
injury, or death.
Copyright © 2016 Dell Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. 
Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. 
All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2016 – 05
   R
ev. A01Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents
About Your Monitor  ..................................... 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Product Fea
tures
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Identif
ying Parts and Controls
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Monitor Specifica
tions .
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 10
Plug-and-Play .
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 18
OLED Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy .
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 18
Setting Up the Monitor .................................. 19
Attaching the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
Using the Til
t, Swivel and Vertical Extension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Adjusting the R
otation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . . . 22
Connecting Y
our Monitor .
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 23
Organizing Your Cables
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
R
emoving the Monitor Stand .
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 26
Wall Mounting (Optional) .
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 27
OLED Screen Protection Mode  .......................... 28
Opera
ting the Monitor .................................. 29
Turning on the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Using the F
ront Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Using the On-
Screen Display (OSD) Menu .
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 32
         Contents       |     3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4   |      Contents       Troubleshooting  ....................................... 45
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Buil
t-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
Common Problems
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 48
Product Specific Problems
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Appendix  .............................................. 51
Safety Instructions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51
FC
C Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory Information  . . . . . . . . . 51
Contacting Dell .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .51
Setting U
p Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Maintenance Guidelines .
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 
.
 54Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor       |     5About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have 
received all the components and contact Dell if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Monitor 
Stand riser 
Stand base
Power cable (varies by country)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6    |       About Y our Monitor
  Power adapter 
HDMI cable
DP cable (mDP to DP)
mDP cable (mDP to mDP)
   USB Type C cable (C to C)
   USB Type C cable (C to A)
USB Type C Holder
   Cleaning cloth
•	Drivers and documentation media 
•	Quick Setup Guide
•	Safety and Regulatory Information
•	Factory Calibration Report Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor       |     7Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp  UP3017Q  monitor has an Active Matrix Organic Light Emitting 
Diode (AMOLED) that uses LTPS TFT(Low Temperature Poly Silicon Thin Film Transistor) 
as switching components.The monitor features include:
•	 76.19 cm (30.0-inch) viewable area display (measured diagonally). 
•	 Wide color coverage of 100% AdobeRGB, sRGB & Rec709, 97.5% DCI-P3 and 85.8% 
Rec2020, 114.8% NTSC (CIE1931), 126.5% NTSC (CIE1976).
•	 14-bit Gamma LUT.
•	 Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position, or while moving from side-to-side.
•	 Supports HDMI, USB Type-C, Mini DisplayPort sources.
•	 Tilt, swivel  and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
•	 Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•	 Single USB Type-C to supply power to compatible notebook while receiving video signal.
•	 On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for easy set-up and screen optimization.
•	 Software and documentation media includes an information file (INF), Image color Matching File (ICM), Dell Display Manager software application and product documentation. Dell Display Manager included (comes in the USB thumb driver).
•	 Security lock slot.
•	 Asset Management Capability.
•	 RoHS compliant.
•	 BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding cables).
•	 Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury Free.
•	 Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.
•	 TCO Certified Displays.
•	 Dedicated Custom Color Mode (6-axis Color-control) for Saturation, Hue, Gain (RGB) and offset (RGB).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8    |       About Y our Monitor
Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor)
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)
Back View  
                                                                     
Label Description Use
1 VESA mountiong holes (100 mm 
x 100 mm-behind attached VESA cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock (sold separately).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor       |     95 Barcode, serial number, and Service 
Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact Dell for technical support.
6 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them through the slot.
Bottom View
  
  
Label Description Use
1 DC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
2 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 
6mm screw (screw not included).
3 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming 
through HDMI or DP audio channels.
Only supports 2-channel audio.NOTE: The audio line-out port does not support headphones.
WARNING: Excessive sound pressure from 
earphones or headphones can cause hearing 
damage or loss.
4 HDMI connector Connect your computer with HDMI cable.
5 mDP connector Connect your computer with mDP to DP or mDP 
to mDP cable.
6 USB Type C connector Connect your computer with USB Type C cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10    |       About Y our Monitor
Monitor Specifications
Panel type OLED
Viewable image
  Diagonal 76.19 cm (30 inches)
    Active Area      Horizontal 699.86 mm (27.55 inches)
      Vertical 379.22 mm  (14.93  inches)
  Area 265400.90 mm
2 (411.32 inches2)
Aspect Ratio 16:9
Pixel pitch 0.173 mm x 0.173 mm
Pixel Per Inch (PPI) 147
Viewing angle
   Horizontal 178° (typical)
   Vertical 178° (typical)
Brightness Typ. 300 cd/m² (≤1% Load),Typ. 120 cd/m² (100% 
Load) Note: Loading is proportional to screen content.  A full white page is 100% loading.Note: Luminance output when Uniformity Compensation is OFF.
Mini Luminance (Black) 0.0005 cd/m²Note: Limited by equipment tolerance (min measurable 0.0005 cd/m²)
Contrast ratio 1000,000:1 (Perceptual)600,000:1 (≤1% Load)200,000:1 (100% Load)Note: Measurable contrast ratio is limited by equipment tolerance.Perceptual contrast ratio is derived assuming optical equipment can measure to below 0.0005 cd/m².
Display Screen Coating AR (Anti-Reflection) reflectivity: 4.5%Hardness 2H
Response time 90us (on/off)
Color depth 1.07 Billion colors (10bits)
Color gamut 100% AdobeRGB100% sRGB100% Rec70997.5% DCI-P385.8% Rec2020114.8% NTSC (CIE1931)126.5% NTSC (CIE1976)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor       |     11Connectivity mDP (1.2)
HDMI (2.0)USB Type C (Alternate mode with DP1.2, Power Delivery PD up to 100W)
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 133 kHz
Vertical scan range 30 Hz to 60 Hz 
Screen refresh rate 60Hz, 120Hz (selectable)96Hz (for 24Hz input only)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities 
(DP & HDMI playback)480p, 576p, 720p, 1080p
Preset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency (kHz)Vertical Frequency (Hz)Pixel Clock (MHz)Sync Polarity (Horizontal/Vertical) 
720 x 400 31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
640 x 480 31.5 60.0 25.2 -/-
640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
800 x 600 37.9 60.0 40.0 +/+
800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 800 49.3 60.0 71.0 +/+
1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 -/+
1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 193.5 +/+
2048 x 1152 71.6 60.0 197.0 +/-
2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
3840 x 2160 65.68 30.0 262.75 +/+
3840 x 2160 133.313 60.0 533.25 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12    |       About Your Monitor
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals •	Digital video signal for each differential line 
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance
•	HDMI/mDP/USB Type C signal input support
AC/DC adapter:
Input voltage/ frequency/current100-240V AC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 3A (maximum)
Output voltage/current Output: 19.5V DC / 12.3 A
Inrush current 120 V: 40 A (Max.)
240 V: 80 A (Max.)
Physical Characteristics
Connector type •	Audio line-out
•	HDMI connector
•	mDP connector
•	USB Type C connector
Signal cable type HDMI 1.8 M cable
mDP to DP 1.8 M cablemDP to mDP 1.8 M cableUSB Type C to Type C 1.8 M cableUSB Type C to Type A 1.8 M cable
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 556.3 mm (21.90 inches)
Height (compressed) 456.3 mm (17.96 inches)
Width 686.2 mm (27.02 inches)
Depth 191.6 mm (7.54 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 405.4 mm (15.96 inches)
Width 686.2 mm (27.02 inches)
Depth 44.7 mm (1.76 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 427.5 mm (16.83 inches)
Height (compressed) 395.5 mm (15.57 inches)
Width 286.6 mm (11.28 inches)
Depth 191.6 mm (7.54 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 20.20 kg ( 44.53 lb)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor       |     13Weight with stand assembly 
and cables10.14 kg ( 22.35 lb)
Weight without stand assembly (For wall mount or VESA mount considerations - no cables)6.43 kg (14.17 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.41 kg ( 5.31 lb)
Environmental Characteristics
Temperature
 Operating 0°C to 35°C (32°F to 95°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
 Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation 820 BTU/hour (maximum)
360 BTU/hour (typical)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14    |       About Y our Monitor
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA’s DPM-compliant video card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is referred to as power save mode*. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, mouse, or other input devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA 
ModesHorizontal SyncVertical Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal operationActive Active Active White 240 W (maximum)** 
105 W (typical)
Active-off modeInactive Inactive Off White
(blinking slowly)Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
The OSD operates only in the normal operation mode. If you press any button in the active-off mode, one of the following message is displayed:   
*Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting 
the DC mains cable from the monitor.**Maximum power consumption with maximum luminance.
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor       |     15Pin Assignments
HDMI connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 Shield GND
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 Shield GND
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 Shield GND
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 Shield GND
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 NC
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 GND
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECTDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16    |       About Y our Monitor
mDP connector
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3 (n)
4 CONFIG1
5 ML3 (p)
6 CONFIG2
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2 (n)
10 ML0 (n)
11 ML2 (p)
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1 (n)
16 AUX (p)
17 ML1 (p)
18 AUX (n)
19 Return
20 DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor       |     17USB Type C Connector 
Pin Signal Assignment Pin Signal Assignment
A1 GND B12 GND
A2 TX1+ B11 RX1+
A3 TX1- B10 RX1-
A4 VBUS B9 VBUS
A5 CC B8 SBU2
A6 D + B7 D -
A7 D - B6 D + 
A8 SBU1 B5 VCONN
A9 VBUS B4 VBUS
A10 RX2- B3 TX2-
A11 RX2+ B2 TX2+
A12 GND B1 GNDDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18    |       About Y our Monitor
Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data (EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .   
OLED Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the OLED monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect the display quality or usability. For more information on OLED Monitor Pixel Policy, see Dell support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor       |     19Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Attaching the Stand
    NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is shipped
         from the factory.
    NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased
         any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
    CAUTION: Place monitor of a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching the
           display panel. 
    To attach the monitor stand:
    1  Remove the monitor protective cover and place the moitor with its front facing             downward on it.    2  Insert the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of         the monitor.    3  Press the stand down till it snaps into its place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20    |       Setting Up the Monitor
	•	Hold the stand base with the triangle 
   mark 
▲ facing upward.
•
	
Align the stand base protruding blocks to the matching slot on the stand. 
•
	
Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor       |     21
	•	Lift the screw handle and turn the 
    scr
ew clockwise.
 •
	
After fully tightening the screw, fold the 
   screw handle flat within the recess.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Using the Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
   NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. If you purchased any other
        stand, refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
  NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
 NOTE: If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1
   
Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2
   
Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3
   If you ha
ve an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.
   4
   If you ha
ve an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.   5
   If you ha
ve an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor       |     23 
 NOTE: If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support and download the latest driver for your graphics card. 
Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions. 
To connect your monitor to the computer:
      1   Turn off your computer.      2   Connect the HDMI/mDP to DP/mDP to mDP/USB Type C cable from 
                   
            your monitor to the computer
. 
      3    Switch on your monitor.       4   Select the correct input source at Monitor OSD Menu and turn on your
            computer.           
Connecting the HDMI cable
Connecting the mDP to DP cable
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Connecting the mDP to mDP cable
Connecting the USB Type C cable(C to C) 
 NOTE: 
1  Support USB Type C Alternate mode with DP 1.2, DP1.1 is not supported.
2  Support USB PD (Power Delivery) profiles up to 100W.3  If your Notebook required >100W to operate and the battery is drained, it may not    power up or charge with UP3017Q USB PD.
Connecting the USB Type C cable(C to A) 
 NOTE: Only needed when calibrating the Display with Dell Ultrasharp Color 
Calibration Software.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor       |     25Organizing Your Cables
2 3
90°
1
To attach the Cable holder:
    1  Place Cable holder into back cover Security lock slot.    2  Rotate 90 degree of Cable holder.
    3  The USB Type C cable through the cable clip to fix it as picture shown.
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connecting Your 
Monitor for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION: To prevent scratches on the OLED screen while removing the 
stand, make sure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you 
purchased any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
To remove the stand:
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
    2    Press and hold the stand-release button.     3    Lift the stand up and away from the monitor.   
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor       |     27Wall Mounting (Optional)
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.    2    Remove the stand.    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the             plastic cover.    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the            wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 6.43 Kg (14.17 lb).
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28    |       OLED Scr een Protection Mode
OLED Screen Protection Mode
This UP3017Q internal firmware algorithm is able to analyze the image display on the 
screen dynamically. Assuming no user is present when there is no content changes for a prolong period of time, it will turn off the screen.
The Screen Protection Mode feature effectively extends the panel lifespan and reduces 
power consumption.
When the screen protection feature is activated, the left side OSD button LED will blink 
and the screen will be dimmed and turn off after 5 minutes and 15 sec respectively.
  NOTE:
To exit screen protection mode, touch any of the OSD buttons or create some movements in the screen content, eg drag a window to another location, move the mouse cursor(left to right edge or top to bottom edge and back).
For a consistent user experience, the appearance of the Screen Protection mode is 
designed to behave similar to host PC/Notebook goes to sleep (making the Display going into Standby mode, the power button LED is blinking during Standby mode). To recover from Standby, wake the PC/Notebook by the mouse or keyboard.  When video signal is restored, the display will exit Standby.
For the most effective screen protection and best experience, set the display to its native 
resolution of 3840x2160. Use vibrant color patterns or pictures as desktop, avoid using mono-color(eg grey) as desktop pattern.  If you intent to leave your workstation, stop or pause any movie clips or animations.
For best panel (color) performance over time, please set Computer & Display Sleep from 
your Operating System to 5 minutes or less. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor       |     29Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the 
  button to turn on the monitor. 
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30    |       Opera ting the Monitor
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front -Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key:
BrightnessUse this button to directly access the Brightness  
menu.
3
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
4
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen display (OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System.
5
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit 
the OSD main menu.
6
Power (with power light 
indicator)Use the Power button to turn the monitor On and 
Off.The white LED indicates the monitor is On and fully functional.
A glowing white LED indicates DPMS Power Save 
Mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor       |     31Front -Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
 
Front Panel Button Description
1      
           
   
 
        Up             DownUse the Up  (increase) and Down (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back button to go back to the previous menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32    |       Opera ting the Monitor
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted.   3   Press the 
 or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.  6  Select the 
 to return to previous menu or 
  to accept and return to previous 
      menu. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor       |     33Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness Use this menu to activate Brightness adjustment.
Brightness Brightness adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
Input Source Use the Input Source menu to select between different 
video inputs that are be connected to your monitor. 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34    |       Opera ting the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
USB Type-C Select USB Type-C input when you are using the USB Type-C 
connector. 
Use 
  to select the USB Type-C input source.
mDP Select mDP input when you are using the 
mDP (mini DisplayPort) connector. 
Use 
  to select the mDP input source.
HDMI Select the HDMI input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI input source.
Auto Select Use 
  to select Auto Select, the monitor scans for available 
input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory defaults.
Color Use the Color menu to adjust the color setting mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor       |     35Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes, you can choose Standard, 
Multimedia, Movie, Paper, Color Temp., Color Space or Custom Color from the list.
•	Standard: Default color settings. This is the default preset mode. 
•	Multimedia: Ideal for multimedia applications.
•	Movie: Ideal for movies.
•	Paper: Loads brightness and sharpness settings ideal for viewing text. Blend the text background to simulate paper media without affecting color images. 
•	Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow tint with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with slider set at 10,000K.
•	Color Space: Allows users to select the color space: Adobe RGB , sRGB, REC709, DCI-P3, CAL1, CAL2.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36    |       Opera ting the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 –Adobe R GB: This mode matches 100% Adobe RGB 
standard.
 –sR
GB: This mode matches 100% sRGB standard.
 –R
EC709: This mode matches 100% REC 709 standard. 
 –DCI
-P3: This mode reproduces 97.5% of DCI-P3 digital 
cinema color standard.
NOTE: Accuracy of sRGB, Adobe RGB, REC709, DCI-P3, CAL1 
and CAL2 are optimized for RGB input color format. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor       |     37Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
•	Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color 
settings. Press the  
  and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, 
Green, and Blue values and create your own preset color 
mode.
  Use the  
  and 
  buttons to select the Gain, Offset, Hue,        
  Saturation.
 –Gain:  Select it to adjust input RGB signal gain level 
(default value is 100).
 –Offset:
 Select it to adjust RGB black-level offset value 
(default value is 50) to control your monitor base color.
 –Hue:
 Select it to adjust RGBCMY hue value individually 
(default value is 50).
 –Sa
turation: Select it to adjust RGBCMY saturation value 
individually (default value is 50).
Input Color FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
•	RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the HDMI or mDP-DP cable.
•	YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only YPbPr output.
Gamma Allows you to set the display Gamma according to your system.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38    |       Opera ting the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults.
Display  Use the Display menu to adjust image. 
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9, Auto Resize, 4:3, or 1:1.
Monitor 
SleepSleep After Timeout: Monitor goes into sleep(power save mode) after timeout.
Never: Monitor never go into sleep(power save mode).  When 
signal from PC is received, monitor will recover faster.
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
 or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen brightness and color uniformity compensation 
settings. Calibrated is factory calibrated setting by default.
Uniformity Compensation adjusts different areas of the screen 
with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness and color over the entire screen. 
HDMI 2.0 For switch HDMI1.4/HDMI2.0.
NOTE: Ensure that your Graphics Card can support these 
features before selecting HDMI2.0.
Wrong settings may result in blank screen.  
Image 
Sticking
PreventionSelect this option to ON/OFF the feature. 
You notice pixel very slowly shifting on your monitor when the 
feature is ON.
Flicker Free Flicker Free On eliminates flickering by doubling the screen frame rate.
Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor       |     39Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Energy 
Power 
Button LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy.
Screen Protection TimerWhen the screen protection feature is activated, the left side OSD button LED will blink and the screen will be dimmed and turn off after 5/10 minutes.
Reset Energy Select this option to restore default Energy settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40    |       Opera ting the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
  Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, 
the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, 
Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Auto RotationRotates the OSD by 90 degrees counter-clockwise. You can adjust the menu according to your display rotation.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
 and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer  OSD Hold Time: Sets the length of time the OSD remains active after you press a button.
Use the 
 and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock is selected, 
no user adjustments are allowed. All buttons are locked.
NOTE: Lock function - Either soft lock (through OSD menu) or hard 
lock (Press and hold the exit button 6 sec)  Unlock function - Only hard unlock (Press and hold the exit button 6 sec)
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor       |     41Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
  Personalize Select from Preset Modes, Brightness, Input Source, Aspect 
Ratio set as shortcut key.
ResetPersona-lizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42    |       Opera ting the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Other
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings.
Button 
SoundThe monitor beeps every time a new option is selected in the menu. This feature On or Off the sound.
DDC/CI DDC/CI (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows 
you to adjust the monitor settings using software on your computer.
Select Disable to turn off this feature.Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Reset Others Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI, to factory defaults.
Factory Reset Restores all OSD settings to the factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor       |     43OSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the 
following message:
  
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from the computer. See Monitor Specifications for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 3840 x 2160.
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
 
When the monitor enters the Power Save mode, the following message appears:
  
   Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44    |       Opera ting the Monitor
If either HDMI, mDP, USB Type-C input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
                            
or
 
                             
                                                                      
 or
 
                      
                            
See Troubleshooting for more information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting       |     45Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                      
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the  
Safety Instructions.
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.
   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 
or
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46    |       T roubleshooting
or
 4    This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting       |     47Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your computer and video card.
  NOTE: You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
 
To run the built-in diagnostics:   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor          then goes into the self-test mode.   3    Press and hold Button 1  for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.   5    Press Button 1 on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text          screens.The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1 again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48    |       T roubleshooting
Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power LED offNo picture •	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
•	Verify that the power outlet is functioning properly using any other electrical equipment.
•	Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input Source menu.
No Video/Power LED onNo picture or no brightness•	Increase brightness controls via OSD.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input Source menu.
Missing Pixels screen has spots •
	
Cycle
	
power
	
on-off.
•
	
Pixel
	
that
	
is
	
permanently
	
off
	
is
	
a
	
natural
	
defect
	
   tha
t can occur in current display technology.
•
	
For
	
more
	
information
	
on
	
Dell
	
Monitor
	
Quality
	
  and Pix
el Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
   http://www.dell.com/support/monitors.
Stuck-on Pixels screen has 
bright spots•
	
Cycle
	
power
	
On-Off.
•
	
Pixel
	
that
	
is
	
permanently
	
off
	
is
	
a
	
natural
	
defect
		
   tha
t can occur in current display technology.
•
	
For
	
more
	
information
	
on
	
Dell
	
Monitor
	
Quality
	
   and Pix
el Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
   http://www.dell.com/support/monitors.
Brightness ProblemsPicture too dim or too bright•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•	Adjust brightness control via OSD.
Safety Related IssuesVisible signs of smoke or sparks•	Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•	Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent ProblemsMonitor malfunctions on & off•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
•
	
Reset
	
the
	
monitor
	
to
	
factory
	
settings.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting       |     49Common 
SymptomsWhat You ExperiencePossible Solutions
Missing Color Picture missing 
color•	Perform monitor self-test.
•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good•	Change the settings of the Preset Modes in the Color menu OSD depending on the application.
•	Adjust R/G/B value under Custom. Color in Color menu OSD.
•	Change the Input Color Format to PC RGB or YPbPr in the Color menu OSD.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention from a static image left on the monitor for a long period of timeFaint shadow from the static image displayed appears on the screen•	Use the Power Management feature to turn off the monitor at all times when not in use (for more information, see Power Management Modes).
•	Alternatively, use a dynamically changing screen saver.
Product Specific Problems
Specific SymptomsWhat You ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is too smallImage is centered on screen, but does not fill entire viewing area•	Check the Aspect Ratio setting in the Display menu OSD.
•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust the monitor with the buttons on the front panelOSD does not appear on the screen•	Turn off the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable, plug it back, and then turn on the monitor.
•	Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If yes, press and hold the button beside the power button for 6 seconds to unlock (for more information, see Lock).
No Input Signal when user controls are pressedNo picture, the LED light is white•	Check the signal source. Ensure the computer is not in the power saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•	Check whether the signal cable is plugged in properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
•	Reset the computer or video player.
The picture does not fill the entire screenThe picture cannot fill the height or width of the screen•	Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50    |       T roubleshooting
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You ExperiencePossible Solutions
No image when using DP connection to the PCBlack screen •	Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.2) is your Graphics Card certified to. Download and install the latest graphics card driver.
•	Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
  DP 1.2 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input   Source selection, press and hold DP select 
 
  key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting from   DP 1.2 to DP 1.1a. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Appendix       |     51Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as 
the bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical          hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance.
Contacting Dell
  NOTE: If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
        information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See www.dell.com/support/monitors.
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
   1    Go to www.dell.com/support.
   2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu         at the top-left corner of the page.
   3    Click Contact Us next to the country dropdown.   4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.   5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52    |       Appendix
Setting Up Your Monitor
Setting Display Resolution to 3840 x 2160 (maximum)
For best performance, set the display resolution to 3840 x 2160 pixels by performing the 
following steps:
In Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 or Windows 8.1:   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic        desktop.   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution.   3   Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3840 x 2160.   4   Click OK.In Windows 10:    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings.   2   Click Advanced display settings.   3   Click the dropdown list of Resolution and select 3840 x 2160.   4   Click Apply.If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update 
your graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the computer system you are using, and follow the given steps.
Dell computer
   1   Go to www.dell.com/support, enter your service tag, and download the latest         driver for your graphics card.
   2   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to       3840 x 2160 again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the resolution to 3840 x 2160, please contact Dell 
       to inquire about a graphics adapter that supports these resolutions.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Appendix       |     53Non-Dell computer
In Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8 or Windows 8.1:
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch 
        to classic desktop.   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization.   3   Click Change Display Settings.   4   Click Advanced Settings.   5   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the        window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).   6   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example,         http://www.ATI.com  or  http://www.NVIDIA.com).   7   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution        to 3840 x 2160 again.In Windows 10:    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings.
   2   Click Advanced display settings.   3   Click Display adapter properties.   4   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).   5   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example,         http://www.ATI.com  or  http://www.NVIDIA.com).   6   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution        to 3840 x 2160 again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the 
       manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics adapter that 
supports the video resolution.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54    |       Appendix
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from
           the electrical outlet.
 
    CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, or handling your monitor:
•	To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed air.
•	Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
•	If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
•	Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
•	To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Dell UltraSharp 27 4K PremierColor 
Monitor—UP2720Q
User’s Guide
Model: UP2720Q
Regulatory model: UP2720QbNotes, cautions, and warnings
NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss 
of data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2019 - 2020 Dell Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and 
international copyright and intellectual property laws. Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. Thun derbolt™ and the Thunderbol t™ logo are trademarks 
of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countr ies. All other marks and names mentioned herein may 
be trademarks of their respective companies.
2020- 01
Rev. A01/.null/.null│/.null/.null3Contents
About Your Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Identifying Parts and Controls. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Front View. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10
Back View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11Bottom View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Monitor Specifications. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Flat Panel Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14Resolution Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Supported Video Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Preset Display Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17Electrical Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17Physical Characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18Physical Characteristics (Continued). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19Power Management Modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20Pin Assignments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Plug and Play Capability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
USB Downstream Connector  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Thunderbolt™ 3 Connector. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26USB Ports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Cleaning Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .274/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
Attaching the Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
Attaching the Monitor Hood  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Connecting the HDMI cable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Connecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34Connecting the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active ca ble . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Connecting the monitor for Thunderbolt™ Multi-Stream  
Transport (MST) function . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Connecting the USB Type-C to Type-A cable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
Organizing Your Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Removing the Monitor Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Wall Mounting (Optional). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Operating the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Power On the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Using the Front Panel Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Front Panel Button  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  . . . . . . . . . . . 43
Accessing the Menu System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
OSD Warning Messages. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Setting the Maximum Resolution. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64
Performing Color Calibration. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
Using the OSD menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
Using the Shortcut Key with video signal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66Using the Shortcut Key without video signal. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
Stopping the Calibration Process  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68
Performing Color Validation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
Using the OSD menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
Using the shortcut key without video signal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
Stopping the Validation Process  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71
 /.null/.null│/.null/.null5Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . 72
Tilt, Swivel  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .72
Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .73Rotating the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .73
Troubleshooting  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
Self-Test. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76
Always On USB Type-C (Thunderbolt™) Charging . . . . . 77Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . 83
Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory  
Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
Contact Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
Video and USB Support over USB-C  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86Purchasing a Thunderbolt™ 3 Passive Cable. . . . . . . . . . 876/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorAbout Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with th e components shown below.  Ensure that you have 
received all the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
NOTE: Some items may be optional an d may not ship with your monitor. 
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
NOTE: To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for setup instructions. 
 
Monitor
Stand Riser
About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null7Stand Base
Monitor Hood
Power Cable (Varies by 
Country)
HDMI Cable 
DP Cable (DP to DP)
Thunderbolt™ 3 (USB Type-C) Active Cable
8/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorUSB Type-C to Type-A 
Cable
•F a c t o r y  C a l i b r a t i o n  
Report
•C a l i b r a t i o n  a n d  
Validation Techsheet
•Q u i c k  S e t u p  G u i d e
• Safety, Environmental, 
and Regulatory Information
About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null9Product Features
The Dell UP2720Q  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor 
(TFT), Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) an d LED backlight. The monitor features 
include:
• 68.47 cm (27 in.) viewable area display (measured diagonally).  
3840 x 2160 (16:9) resolution, plus fu ll-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position.
• Color gamut of CIE1931 Adobe 100%  and CIE1976 DCI-P3 98% with an 
average Delta E < 2.
• Supports HDMI, DP, and Thunderbolt™ 3 sources.
• HDMI, DP, and Thunderbolt™ 3 connection supports 10-bit color at 60 Hz. 
• Single Thunderbolt™ 3 to supply power (Up to 90 W) to a compatible 
notebook while receiving video & data signal.
• Built-in Color Calibration functionality.
• Multi-Stream Transport (MST) capability via Thunderbolt™ 3 connection.
• Tilt, swivel, pivot, and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
• Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling 
easier setup with an elegant viewing experience.
• Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™)  
100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen 
optimization.
• Supports Menu, Power buttons and Color lock via OSD.
• Security lock slot.
• 0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
• Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) Select mode.
• Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.10/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorIdentifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Front panel controls
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)
About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null11Back View
Back view without and with monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes 
(100 mm x 100 mm- behind attached VESA Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 mm.)
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from monitor.
4 Barcode, serial number, and Service Tag label Refer to this label if you need to contact Dell for technical support.
5 Cable management hole Use to organize cables by placing them through the hole.
12/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorBottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 AC power 
connectorConnect the power cable (shipped with your monitor).
2 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock (security lock not included). 
3
(1, 2)HDMI port connector Connect your computer with HDMI cable.
4 DisplayPort in connector Connect your computer with DP cable.
5 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers.*
6-1 Thunderbolt™ 3 Upstream 
 
(USB Type-C) portConnect the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable that came with your monitor to the computer or mobile device. This port supports USB Power Delivery (up to 90 W), Data, and DisplayPort video signal.
The Thunderbolt™ 3 port supports Alternate Mode DP1.4 with a maximum resolution of 3840 x 2160 at 
 
60 Hz, PD 20 V/4.5 A, 15 V/3 A, 9 V/3 A, and 5 V/3 A.
Thunderbolt™ 3 supports MST (Multi-Stream Transport) capable monitor. To enable MST, refer to instruction on section “
Connecting the monitor for 
Thunderbolt™ Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function ”.
About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null13* Headphone usage is not supporte d for the audio line out connector.
** To avoid signal interference, when a wi reless USB device has been connected to 
a USB downstream port, it is NOT r ecommended to connect any other USB 
devices to the adjacent port(s).NOTE: Thunderbolt™ 3 is not supported on versions 
of Windows prior to Windows 10.
6-2 Thunderbolt™ 3 Downstream 
 
(USB Type-C) portConnect the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable that came with your monitor to the computer, mobile devices, a second monitor, or other Th underbolt™ devices. This 
port supports USB Power Delivery (up to 15 W, 
 
PD 5 V/3 A), Data, and DisplayPort video signal.
Thunderbolt™ 3 supports MST (Multi-Stream Transport) capable monitor. To enable MST, refer to instruction on section “
Connecting the monitor for 
Thunderbolt™ Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function ”.
NOTE: For Notebooks and other devices that require 
more than 15 W of power, it is recommended to connect to another power source to power or charge your device.
NOTE: Thunderbolt™ 3 is not supported on versions 
of Windows prior to Windows 10.
7 
(1, 2,)USB 3.2 Gen2 downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this connector after you have connected the USB cable to the computer.**
7-3 USB 3.2 Gen1 downstream port with Power ChargingConnect to charge your device.
7-4 USB 3.2 Gen1 downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this connector after you have connected the USB cable to the computer.**
8 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm screw (screw not included).14/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorMonitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Model UP2720Q
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Type
Aspect ratio 16:9
Viewable image
Diagonal
Horizontal, Active Area
Vertical, Active Area
Area684.7 mm (27 in.)596.74 mm (23.49 in.)
335.66 mm (13.21 in.)
200301 mm
2 (310.47 in.2)
Pixel pitch 0.1554 mm x 0.1554 mm
Pixel per inch 163
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 250 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1300 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Antiglare with hard-coating 3H
Backlight White LED edgelight system
Response time • 6 ms gray to gray in Fa st Mode
• 8 ms gray to gray in Norma l Mode
Color depth 1.07 billion colors (real 10 Bit)
Color gamut CIE1931 Adobe 100%CIE1976 DCI-P3 98%
CIE1976 BT.2020 80%
Calibration accuracy Delta E <
 2 (average)
NOTE: On ly for CIE1931 Adobe 100% and CIE1976 
DCI-P3 98%.About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null15Resolution SpecificationsConnectivity • 1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 2.2) 
• 2 x HDMI 2.0 (HDCP 2.2) 
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 Upstream port (DP1.4)
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 Downstream port (DP1.4) 
•2  x  U S B  3 . 2  G e n 2  D o w n s t r e a m  p o r t
• 2 x USB 3.2 Gen1 Downstream port (1 x BC1.2 
charging capability at 2 A (max))
Border width (edge of monitor to active area) 7.6 mm (Top)
7.6 mm (Left/Right)
27.1 mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand
Til t
Swivel
Pivot130 mm
-5° to 21°
-45° to 45°
-90° to 90°
NOTE: Do not mount inverse (180°) landscape orientation as it may damage the 
monitor.
Dell Display Manager 
(DDM) CompatibilityYes
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)
Model UP2720Q
Horizontal scan range
(HDMI & DP & Thunderbolt™ 3 alternate mode)15 kHz to 135 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range
(HDMI & DP & Thunderbolt™ 3 alternate mode)23 Hz to 86 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz16/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorSupported Video Modes
Preset Display ModesModel UP2720Q
Video display capabilities (HDMI playback) 480p, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, 
QHD, UHD (Interlacing mode is not supported under PBP mode)
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel 
Clock 
(MHz)Sync 
Polarity 
(Horizontal
/Vertical)
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 59.9 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.1 28.3 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2048 x 1280 - R 78.9 59.9 174.3 +/-
VESA, 2048 x 1440 - R 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160* 133.3 60.0 533.3 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160** 135 60.0 594 +/-
2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.55 +/-
2048 x 1080 27.0 24.0 74.25 +/-
2048 x 1080 54.0 48.0 148.5 +/-About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null17* Requires a graphics card that supports DP.
** Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.
Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
NOTE: Use the cables that came wi th your monitor for Thunderbolt™ 
Multi-Stream Transport (MST) connection. See Connecting the 
monitor for Thunderbolt™ Multi-Stream Transport (MST) function  for 
connection details.
Electrical Specifications
* Not Support HDMI 2.0 optional specific ation, include HDMI Ethernet Channel 
(HEC), Audio Return Channel (ARC), standa rd for 3D format an d resolutions, and 
standard for 4K digital cinema resolution.MST Source  
MonitorMaximum number of external monitor can be supported
3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz
3840 x 2160  
at 60 Hz1
Model UP2720Q
Video input signals HDMI 2.0*/DP 1.4, 600 mV for each differential line, 
100 ohm input impedance per differential pair.
AC input voltage/frequency/current 100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz + 3 Hz /  
2.8 A (typical) 
Inrush current • 120 V: 40 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
• 240 V: 80 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)18/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorPhysical Characteristics
Model UP2720Q
Connector Type •1  x  D P  1 . 4
•2  x  H D M I  2 . 0  
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 Upstream (DP1.4)
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 Downstream  
(DP1.4) 
• 2 x USB 3.2 Gen2 Downstream ports
• 2 x USB 3.2 Gen1 Downstream ports  
(1 x BC1.2 charging capability at 2 A 
(max))
Signal cable type • Digital: HDMI, 19 pins
• Digital: DisplayPort, 20 pins
• Digital: Thunderbolt™ 3, 24 pins
• Universal Serial Bus: USB Type-C to 
Type-A
NOTE: Dell monitors are designed to work optimally with the video cables that 
are shipped with your monitor. As Dell does not have control over the different cable suppliers in the market, the type of material, connector and process used to manufacture these cables, Dell does not guarantee video performance on cables that are not shipped with your Dell monitor.
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 563.4 mm (22.18 in.)
Height (compressed) 433.4 mm (17.06 in.)
Width 611.9 mm (24.09 in.)
Depth 212.0 mm (8.35 in.)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 376.8 mm (14.83 in.)
Width 611.9 mm (24.09 in.)
Depth 51.0 mm (2.01 in.)About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null19Physical Characteristics (Continued)
Environmental CharacteristicsStand dimensions
Height (extended) 456.3 mm (17.96 in.)
Height (compressed) 408.9 mm (16.10 in.)
Width 260.0 mm (10.24 in.)
Depth 212.0 mm (8.35 in.)
Weight
Weight with packaging 14.14 kg (31.17 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cables9.71 kg (21.41 lb)
Weight without stand assembly  
(For wall mount or VESA mount considerations - no cables)5.55 kg (12.24 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 3.64 kg (8.02 lb)
Front frame gloss 2-4
Model UP2720Q
Compliant Standards
• RoHS-compliant
• TCO certified displays
• BFR/PVC-free (Halogen-free) excluding external cables
• Arsenic-free glass and Mercury-free for the panel only
Temperature
Operating 0 °C to 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating • Storage: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
• Shipping: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Humidity
Operating 10% to 90% (non-condensing)
Non-operating • Storage: 10% to 90% (non-condensing)
• Shipping: 10% to 90% (non-condensing)20/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorEnvironmental Characteristics (Continued)
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, 
the monitor can automatically reduce its po wer consumption when not in use. This 
is referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the 
keyboard, mouse, or other input devi ces, the monitor automatically resumes 
functioning. The following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this 
automatic power saving feature.
* Zero power consumption in  OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with max luminance, and USB active.
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your 
product may perform differently, depend ing on the software, components and 
peripherals you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. 
Accordingly, the customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions 
about electrical tolerances or otherwis e. No warranty as to accuracy or 
completeness is expressed or implied.Altitude
Operating 3,048 m (10,000 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation • 784.76 BTU/hour (maximum)
• 150.13 BTU/hour (typical)
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
SyncVideo Power 
IndicatorPower 
Consumption
Normal operation Active Active Active White 230 W (maximum)**
44 W (typical)
Active-off mode Inactive Inactive Blanked White (blinking) Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Power Consumption Pon 38 W
Total Energy Consumption (TEC) 130.74 kWhAbout Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null21The OSD functions only in the normal oper ation mode. When any button is pressed 
in the Active-off mode, the follo wing message will be displayed:
Activate the computer and the moni tor to gain access to the OSD.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal. NOTE:  
Pon: Power consumption of On Mode measured with reference to 
Energy Star test method.  
TEC: Total energy consumption in kWh measured with reference to 
Energy Star test method.
22/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorPin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Connected Signal Cable
1 ML3 (n)
2 GND
3 ML3 (p)
4 ML2 (n)
5 GND
6 ML2 (p)
7 ML1 (n)
8 GND
9 ML1 (p)
10 ML0 (n)
11 GND
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX (p)
16 GND
17 AUX (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null23HDMI Connector
Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the 
Connected Signal Cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT
24/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorPlug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Di splay Identification 
Data (EDID) using Display Data Channe l (DDC) protocols so the system can 
configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monito r installations are 
automatic; you can select different setting s if desired. For mo re information about 
changing the monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the 
monitor.
NOTE: This monitor is Super-Speed USB 3.2 compatible.
* Up to 2A on USB downstream port (port with  battery icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
NOTE: USB Type-C video requires a Type-C Alternate Mode capability computer. 
NOTE: To support USB Type-C Alternate Mode, please ensure the Source computer has Alte rnate Mode capability.Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption*
Super-speed 10 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Thunderbolt™ 3/
USB Type-CDescription
Video DP1.2 (Passive cable)
DP1.4 (Active cable)
Data USB 2.0
USB 3.2 (Active, Thunderbolt™ 3 only)
Power Delivery (PD) Thunderbolt™ 3 Upstream port: Up to 90 W (typical)
Thunderbolt™ 3 Downstream port: Up to 15 W (typical)
About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null25USB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+
26/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorThunderbolt™ 3 Connector
USB Ports
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 downstream (USB Type-C compatible) - bottom
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 upstream (USB Type-C compatible) - bottom
• 2 x USB 3.2 Gen2 downstream - bottom
• 2 x USB 3.2 Gen1 downstream - bottom
• Power Charging Port- the port with  battery icon; supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
NOTE: USB 3.2 function ality requires a USB 3.2-capable computer.
NOTE: The monitor's USB interface work s only when the monitor is On 
or in the power save mode. If you tu rn Off the monitor and then turn it 
On, the attached peripherals may ta ke a few seconds to resume normal 
functionality.Pin Number Signal Name Pin Number Signal Name
A1 GND B1 Cable Detection
A2 TX1+ B2 TX2+
A3 TX1- B3 TX2-
A4 VBUS B4 VBUSA5 CC1 B5 CC2
A6 D+ B6 D+
A7 D- B7 D-
A8 SBU1 B8 SBU2
A9 VBUS B9 VBUS
A10 RX2- B10 RX1-
A11 RX2+ B11 RX1+
A12 GND B12 GND
About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null27LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proces s, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging  state which are hard to see and do not 
affect the display quality or usability. Fo r more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  http://www.dell.com/support/
monitors .
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the 
monitor.
WARNING: Before cleaning the mo nitor, unplug th e monitor power 
cable from the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
• To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. 
If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating. Do not use benzene,  thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, 
or compressed air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.
• If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn Off your monitor when not in use.28/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the MonitorSetting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
NOTE: The stand is detached when  the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.
NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the set up instructions.
CAUTION: Do not remove the monitor from the packaging box before 
attaching the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1.Follow the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the 
top cushion that secures it.
2.Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.
3.Lift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
4.After tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.
Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null295.Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly.
6.Attach the stand assembly to the monitor.
a.Fit the two tabs on the upper part of th e stand to the groove on the back of 
the monitor.
b.Press the stand down till it snaps into place.
30/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the Monitor7.Place the monitor upright.
NOTE: Lift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.
CAUTION: Do not hold or lift the monitor by the colorimeter tray when 
moving the monitor.
8. Remove the cover from the monitor.
Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null31Attaching the Monitor Hood
To install your monitor hood:
1.Take out the hood that came with the monitor.
2.Unfold the hood with the “U” channel strips on both flaps facing inwards.
32/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the Monitor3.Align the monitor side within the “U” channel strips.
4.Slide the hood all the way down.
Connecting Your Monitor
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety Instructions .
NOTE: Do not connect al l cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your moni tor to the computer:
1.Turn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2.Connect the HDMI/DP/Thun derbolt™ 3 Active cable from the monitor to 
your computer or device.
Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null33Connecting the HDMI cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setting  in the UP2720Q is HDMI 2.0. If 
the monitor fails to show any co ntent after the HDMI cable is 
connected, follow the pr ocedures below to change the settings from 
HDMI 2.0 to HDMI 1.4:
• Press second button next to the  button to activate the OSD menu.
• Use the  and  buttons to highlight Input Source , then use the  
button enter the submenu.
• Use the  and  buttons to highlight HDMI .
• Press and hold the  button for approximately 10 seconds, and the 
HDMI configuration message appears.
• Use the  button to select Disable  and change the settings.
Repeat the above steps to change the HDMI format settings if necessary.
34/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the MonitorConnecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable
NOTE: The default out of factory se tting in the UP2720Q is DP 1.4.
Connecting the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable
NOTE: Use the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active  cable shipped wi th monitor only. 
• This port supports DisplayPort Alternate Mode DP1.4.
• The Thunderbolt™ 3 power delivery compliant port (PD Version 3.0) 
delivers up to 90 W of power. 
• If your notebook requires more than 90 W to operate and the battery is 
drained, it may not be powered up or charged with the USB PD port of UP2720Q.
Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null35• Thunderbolt™ 3 is not supported on versions of Windows prior to 
Windows 10.
NOTE: The UP2720Q monitor ships with a USB-C Thunderbolt™ 3 
Active cable. The USB-C DP cable is  not included. If you are using a 
computer with USB-C DP connection,  please purchase the USB-C DP 
cable separately. For more information, go to:  www.dell.com/UP2720Q
Connecting the monitor for Thunderb olt™ Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
NOTE: UP2720Q supports the Thunderb olt™ MST feature. To make use 
of this feature, your PC must  support Thunderbolt™ feature.
The default out of factory setting in the UP2720Q is Alternate Mode DP1.4.
To set up MST connection, please use only Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable that came 
with your monitor and perform the below steps:
1.Turn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2.Connect the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active ca ble from the Thunderbolt™ upstream 
port of Monitor One to your computer or device.
3.Connect the other Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable from the Thunderbolt™ 
downstream port of Monitor One to the Thunderbolt™ upstream port of Monitor Two.
36/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the MonitorYou can use the following cable type for MST connection:
* Thunderbolt™ 3 (USB Type-C) Active Cable
** Thunderbolt™ 3 (USB Type-C) Passive Cable
NOTE: Use the Thunderbolt™ 3 Acti ve cable that came with your 
monitor.
NOTE: If you are using a computer with  USB-C DP connection, please 
purchase the USB-C DP cable separate ly. For more information, go to: 
http://www.dell.com .
NOTE: For information on purchasing a Thunderbolt™ 3 Passive cable, 
go to: Purchasing a Thunderbolt™ 3 Passive Cable .
Connecting the USB Type-C to Type-A cable
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before unplugging the USB 
upstream port, make sure that NO USB storage devices are in use by the computer connected to the mo nitor’s Thunderbolt™ 3 upstream 
port.
After you have completed connecting the DisplayPort/HDMI cable, follow the 
procedures below to connect the USB Type -C to Type-A cable to the computer 
and complete your monitor setup:
1.Connect the computer: connect the Thun derbolt™ 3 upstream port with the 
Type-C end of the cable (cable supplied).
2.Connect the Type-A end of the cable to an appropriate USB port on your 
computer.
3.Connect the USB peripherals to th e USB 3.2 downstream ports on the 
monitor. 
NOTE: The transfer speed for this connection is 5 Gbps.
4.Plug the power cables for your computer and monitor into a nearby outlet.Host UP2720Q Monitor One UP2720Q Monitor Two
Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable*Active cable*
Passive cable**
USB Type-C cable
Thunderbolt™ 2 Active or Passive cable N/A
USB Type-C Passive cable** N/ASetting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null375.Turn On the monitor and the computer.  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display 
an image, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems .
6.Use the cable slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
NOTE: The USB connection only offe rs USB data transfer in this 
scenario.
CAUTION: The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. 
Appearance of the computer may vary.
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See 
Connecting Your Monitor  for cable attachment,) organize all cables as shown 
above.
38/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the MonitorRemoving the Monitor Stand
NOTE: To prevent the curved LCD screen from being scratched and 
damaged while removing the stand, ensure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean foam. Direct cont act with hard objects might cause 
damage to the curved monitor.
NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the set-up instructions.
To remove the stand:
1.Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2.Press and hold the stand release button.
3.Press and lift the cover latch to release and remove the cover.
Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null39Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come wi th the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1.Place the monitor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
2.Remove the stand.
3.Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the 
plastic cover.
4.Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5.Mount the monitor on the wall by follow ing the instructions that comes with 
the wall mounting kit.
NOTE: For use only with UL-liste d wall mount bracket with minimum 
weight/load bearing capacity of 22.4 kg.
40/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorOperating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the  button to turn On the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust settings.
The following table describe s the front panel buttons:
Front Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key/
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset color modes.
2
Shortcut key/
Input SourceUse this button to select the input source.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null413
Shortcut key/
Calibrate NowUse this button start Color Calibration sequence.
4
Shortcut key/
Display InfoUse this button to display the monitor’s current settings.
5
MenuUse the MENU  button to launch the On-Screen 
Display (OSD). See Accessing the Menu 
System .
6
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
7
Power
(with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On 
and Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and 
fully functional. A glowing white light indicates the power save mode.
42/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorFront Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the mo nitor to adjust the image settings.
Front Panel Button Description
1, 2 No Function These buttons have no functions.
3
UpUse the Up button to adjust (increase ranges) items in the 
OSD menu.
4
DownUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease ranges) items in 
the OSD menu.
5
EnterUse the Enter  button to enter a submenu.
6
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null43Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
NOTE: If you change the settings an d then either proceed to another 
menu or exit the OSD menu, the monitor automatica lly saves those 
changes. The changes are also save d if you change the settings and 
then wait for the OS D menu to disappear.
1.Press the  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
2.Press the  and  buttons to move between the setting options. As you 
move from one icon to another, the option name is highlighted. See the 
following table for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3.Press the  button once to activate the highlighted option.
4.Press  and  button to select the desired parameter.
5.Press  to enter the submenu and then use the directional buttons, 
according to the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6.Select the  button to return to the main menu.
44/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorIcon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Color Use Color to adjust the color setting mode.
Color Space When you select Color Space , you can choose one of 
the following: DCI P3 D65 G2.4 L100 , BT.709 D65 
BT1886 L100 , BT.2020 D65 BT1886 L100 , sRGB D65 
sRGB L250, Adobe RGB D65 G2.2 L250 , Adobe 
RGB D50 G2.2 L250 , Native , Custom 1 , Custom 2 , 
Custom 3 , CAL 1 , or CAL 2 .
NOTE: The factory preset mode DCI P3 D65 G2.4 
L100  differs from DCI-P3 spec (P3 White point, 48 cd/
m2). User may use either Custom 1 , Custom 2 , or 
Custom 3 to set the parameter in accordance with DCI-
P3 spec. E.g.: Color Space  > Custom 1  > Color 
Gamut  (DCI-P3) > White Point  (DCI-P3) > Gamma  
(2.6) > Luminance  (48 cd/m2).
NOTE: Factory Reset  will not remove calibrated data. 
User may go to Color  > Color Space  > Reset this 
Color Space #  (1~6) to manually remove selected 
calibration data. Calibration data of CAL 1  and CAL 2  
cannot be removed from the OSD.
Reset Color Reset your monitor color settings to the factory settings.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null45Luminance Luminance adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the  button to increase the luminance and 
press the  button to decrease the luminance  
(min. 45 / max. 250).
NOTE: Luminance  is grayed out when Color Space  is 
set to CAL 1  or CAL 2 .
Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the 
different video signals that may be connected to your monitor.
46/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorThunderbolt Select the Thunderbolt  input when you are using the 
Thunderbolt™ 3 connector. Press the  button to 
select the Thunderbolt  input source.
DP Select the DP input when you are using the DisplayPort 
(DP) connector. Press the  button to select the DP 
input source.
HDMI 1 Select the HDMI 1  input when you are using the HDMI 1 
connector. Press the  button to select the HDMI 1  
input source.
HDMI 2 Select the HDMI 2  input when you are using the  
HDMI 2 connector. Press the  button to select the 
HDMI 2  input source.
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available 
input sources.
Auto Select for 
ThunderboltAllows you to set Auto Select for Thunderbolt  to:
• Prompt for Multiple Inputs : Always displays the 
“Switch to Thunderbolt Video Input”  message 
for you to choose whether to switch or not.
•Yes: Always switch to Thunderbolt  video input 
(without asking) when the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable is connected.
•No: Never automatically switch to Thunderbolt  
video input when the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable is connected.
NOTE: Auto Select for Thunderbolt  is only available 
when Auto Select  is turned On.
Rename Inputs Allows you to rename the input source.
Reset Input 
SourceReset your monitor input settings to the factory settings.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null47Display Use Display to adjust images.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Auto Resize , 17:9, 16:9, or 
Pixel-for-Pixel .
Digital Cinema 
MaskingAdjusts the Digital Cinema Masking  to Entire DCI 
Container , DCI 1.85:1 , DCI 2.39:1 , or DCI 2.35:1 .
Markers Adjusts the Markers  to No Markers , 1.85:1 , 2.39:1 , 
2.35:1 , 2:1, 1:1, 16:9 Extraction , 16:9 Action Safe , 
16:9 Title Safe , 4:3 Extraction , 4:3 Action Safe , 4:3 
Titl e Safe , Center Crosshair , or Thirds.
Marker Color Adjusts the Marker Color  to Gray , Red, Green , or 
Blue .
Set Video Data 
RangeAdjusts the Set Video Data Range  to Auto , Full, or 
Limited .
Overscan 
Frame by 5%Allows you to set the Overscan Frame by 5%  On or 
Off.
NOTE: This function will only apply to the main window 
in PBP Mode .
Show Blue 
Channel onlyAllows you to set the Show Blue Channel only  On or 
Off.
NOTE: This function will only apply to the main window 
in PBP Mode .
48/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorSharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. 
Use  or  to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'.
Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or 
Fast .
NOTE: The Response Time  will automatically reset to 
panel default during calibration and validation to ensure color accuracy.
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen uniformity compensation settings. On is 
factory calibrated setting by default. Uniformity 
Compensation  adjusts different areas of the screen 
with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness and color over the entire screen. 
NOTE: User is advised to use factory default luminance 
setting when Uniformity Compensation  is turned on. 
For other luminance level setting, the uniformity performance may deviate from the data shown on the Factory Calibration Report.
Reset Display Select this option to restore default display settings.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null49PBP This function brings up a window displaying image from 
another input source.
X X X X X X X X Main WindowSub-Window
Thunderbolt
DPThunderbolt DP
HDMI 1HDMI 1
HDMI 2HDMI 250/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorPBP Mode Adjusts the PBP  (Picture by Picture) mode to AA, AB, 
or Off.
Press the  button to enable PBP mode.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null51PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be 
connected to your monitor for the PBP sub-window. 
Press the  button to select the PBP sub-window 
source signal.
PBP Input 
Source ToggleSelect to toggle between the input sources in PBP 
mode. Press the  button to switch between input 
sources in PBP mode.
NOTE: Not available when PBP  mode is set to AA.
Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and sub-
window in PBP mode. Press the  button to swap 
main window and sub-window.
Color Gamut 
(Sub)Adjusts the Color Gamut (Sub)  to DCI P3 , BT.709 , 
BT.2020 , sRGB , Adobe RGB , or Native .
White Point 
(Sub)Adjusts the White Point (Sub)  to D50, D55, D60, 
D65, DCI P3 , or Native .
NOTE: Not available when Color Gamut (Sub)  is set 
to Native .
Gamma (Sub) Adjusts the Gamma (Sub)  to 1.6, 1.8, 2.0, 2.2, 2.4, 
2.6, BT.1886 , sRGB , or Native .
NOTE: Not available when Color Gamut (Sub)  is set 
to Native .
52/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorSharpness 
(Sub)Adjust the sharpness level of the picture in PBP Mode.
Press the  button to increase the sharpness and 
press the  button to decrease the sharpness.
Audio Allows you to set the audio source from the main window or the sub-window.
Video Data 
RangeAdjusts the  Video Data Range  to Auto , Full, or 
Limited .
Reset PBP Select this option to restore default PBP  settings.
Calibration Perform color calibration with the built-in colorimeter.
Calibrate Now Allows you to start color calibration.
Calibration 
TargetAllows you to set the calibration target to DCI P3 D65 
G2.4 L100 , BT.709 D65 BT1886 L100 , BT.2020 D65 
BT1886 L100 , sRGB D65 sRGB L250 , Adobe RGB 
D65 G2.2 L250 , Adobe RGB D50 G2.2 L250 , CAL 1 , 
or CAL 2 .
NOTE: The following Color Space  options are not 
available as calibration targets: Native , Custom 1 , 
Custom 2 , and Custom 3 .
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null53Calibration 
SpeedAllows you to set the calibration speed to Express or 
Comprehensive .
NOTE: When Express  is selected, the calibration time 
is approximately 4 minutes. When Comprehensive  is 
selected, the calibration time is approximately 10 minutes. 
Calibration 
Warm Up TimeSet the warm up time to 20 mins  or 30 mins .
Based 
Colorimeter 
ProfileAllows you to set the Based Colorimeter Profile  to 
Built-in  or Ext. Colorimeter  (correlated external 
colorimeter).
Switching the profile may cause inconsistent result to previous calibration. It is recommended to re-calibrate the monitor after switching profile.
NOTE: User can apply different calibrator profiles. To 
select Ext. Colorimeter  profile, user must correlate 
the monitor with an external colorimeter via CalMAN Ready first. When correlation is under processing, CalMAN Ready will drive the monitor’s internal calibrator to the position an d start the process with the 
external colorimeter. After completing the complement of the correlation, CalMAN Ready will set the correlation parameters to the monitor to enable this item.
Calibration 
Module PowerAllows you to set the Calibration Module Power  to 
On or Off.
NOTE: Calibration Module Power  must be On to 
enable Calibration  function.
Show Last 
Calibration 
ResultsAllows you to examine the most recent calibration results.54/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorValidation Perform validation on color calibration with the built-in 
colorimeter.
Validate Now Allows you to start color validation.
Validation 
TargetAllows you to set the validation target to DCI P3 D65 
G2.4 L100 , BT.709 D65 BT1886 L100 , BT.2020 D65 
BT1886 L100 , sRGB D65 sRGB L250 , Adobe RGB 
D65 G2.2 L250 , Adobe RGB D50 G2.2 L250 , CAL 1 , 
or CAL 2 .
Auto 
Recalibrate if
 ΔE > 2Allows you to set the Auto Recalibrate if ΔE > 2  to 
Yes or No.
Calibration 
Module PowerAllows you to set the Calibration Module Power  to 
On or Off.
NOTE: Calibration Module Power  must be On to 
enable Validation  function.
Show Last 
Validation 
ResultsAllows you to examine the most recent validation results.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null55Scheduler Set schedule for auto calibration or validation. Allows 
you to set Scheduler  to Off, Calibration , Validation , 
or Calibration + Validation . 
Schedule 
SessionsAllows you to set the Schedule Sessions  to Every 
200 Hours  or at user preferred interval ( Quarterly , 
Monthly , Weekly , or Daily ).
Operation 
ModeAllows you to set the Operation Mode  to Prompt 
before starting session  or Carry out in sleep mode .
56/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorMenu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, 
such as, the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Language  options set the OSD display to one of the 
eight languages (English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese or Japanese).
Auto Rotation Allows you to set the monitor Auto Rotation  On or Off.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by 
pressing the  and  buttons (Minimum: 0 ~ 
Maximum: 100).
Timer OSD Hold Time : sets the length of time the OSD will 
remain active after the last time you pressed a button.
Use  or  to adjust the slider in 1 second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null57Lock With the control buttons on the monitor locked, you can 
prevent people from accessing the controls. It also prevents accidental activation in multiple monitors side-by-side setup.
•Menu Buttons : All menu/function buttons (except 
the Power button) are locked and not accessible by the user.
•Power Button : Only the Power button is locked and 
not accessible by the user.
•Menu + Power Buttons : Both the menu/function & 
Power buttons are locked and not accessible by the user.
•Color Custom Settings : Color  menu settings are 
locked and not accessible by the user.
The default setting is Disable . 
Alternative Lock Method [for menu/function buttons]: 
You can also press and hold the menu/function button next to the Power button for 4 seconds to set the lock options.
NOTE: To unlock the button(s), press and hold the 
menu/function button next to the Power button for 4 seconds.
Reset Menu Reset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.
58/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorPersonalize
Shortcut Key 1 Allows you to choose a feature from Color Space , 
Luminance , Input Source , Aspect Ratio , Digital 
Cinema Masking , Markers , PBP Mode , PBP Input 
Source Toggle , Video Swap , Calibrate Now , Show 
Last Calibration Results , Validation , Show Last 
Validation Results , or Display Info  and set it as a 
shortcut key.Shortcut Key 2
Shortcut Key 3
Shortcut Key 4
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or Off to save energy.
USB-A 
ChargingAllows you to enable or disable USB T ype-A (Downstream Ports) charging function during monitor standby mode.
NOTE: This option is only available when the USB 
Type-C (Thunderbolt™ Upstream Port) cable is unplugged. If the USB Type-C (Thunderbolt™) cable is connected, USB-A Charging follows the USB host power status and the option is not accessible.
USB-C 
ChargingAllows you to enable or disable Always On USB  
Type-C Charging  function during monitor Power Off 
mode.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null59Auto-Sleep 
ModeAllows you to let the monitor turn off completely or only turn off the panel when your computer goes into sleep mode. When Put the display to sleep  is 
selected, the monitor goes to sleep as the system sleeps; when Turn off the panel only is selected, only 
the panel is turned off as the system sleeps for speedy display recovery from PC wake up.
Warm Up Time 
before UseAllows you to turn the monitor warm up On or Off, or set it to automatically activate at the scheduled Day 
and Time . The default is Off.
Reset 
PersonalizationReset all settings under the Personalize  menu to the 
factory preset values
Others
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
Set Date and 
TimeSet the date and time for the monitor.
NOTE: Please sync the date and time when:
•Setting up the monitor for the first time.
•Monitor has been disconnected from power for 
more than 10 days.
60/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorDDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) 
allows your monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and etc.) to be adjustable via the software on your computer.
 
You can disable this feature by selecting Off. 
Enable this feature for best user experience and 
optimum performance of your monitor.
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on the degree of image retention, the program may take some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null61OSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a part icular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
This means that the monitor cannot synchron ize with the signal that it is receiving 
from the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical 
frequency ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 3840 x 2160.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:Firmware Displays the firmware version of your monitor.
Service Tag Displays the service tag serial number of your monitor.
Reset Others Reset all settings under the Others  menu to the factory 
preset values.
Factory Reset Reset all settings to the factory preset values.
NOTE: The following settings will not reset after 
Factory Reset : Calibration and validation data, 
language, and date and time.
62/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorYou will see the following message before the Lock  function is activated:
NOTE: The message may be slightly di fferent according to the selected 
settings.
When the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
If you press any button other than the power button, the following message will 
appear depending on the selected input:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null63If either Thunderbolt , HDMI , or DP input is selected and the corresponding cable 
is not connected, a floating dial og box as shown below appears.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
When the monitor is under DP/HDMI input and a Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable is 
connected to a notebo ok that supports DP Alternate Mode, if USB-C Charging  is 
enabled, the followi ng message appears:
When Factory Reset is selected, the following message appears:
64/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorWhen Yes is selected, the following message appears:
See Troub l eshooting  for more information.
Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1:
1.For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2.Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3.Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3840 x 2160 .
4.Click OK.
In Windows® 10:
1.Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2.Click Advanced display settings .
3.Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3840 x 2160 .
4.Click Apply .
If you do not see 3840 x 2160 as an option, you may need to check whether your 
graphic card supports 4K@60 Hz. If it  does support 4K@60 Hz, update your 
graphic driver. If it does not support 4K@60 Hz, depending on your computer, 
complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•G o  t o  http://www.de ll.com/support , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null65If you are using a non-Dell comp uter (portable or desktop):
• Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest graphic 
drivers.
• Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic drivers.
Performing Color Calibration
Perform Calibration  with the built-in colorimeter to calibrate the color of your 
monitor.
Using the OSD menu
1.Using the OSD menu, set the calibration criteria based on your preference. 
Then select Calibrate Now .
2.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
66/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the Monitor3.Calibration will start automatically.
Using the Shortcut Key with video signal
1.Press any of the Function buttons to display the shortcut keys.
2.Press the  button.
3.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null674.Calibration will start automatically.
Using the Shortcut Key without video signal
You can perform calibration for the monitor without acquiring an input signal from 
the computer.
1.Press any of the Function buttons to display the shortcut keys.
2.Press the  button.
68/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the Monitor3.Calibration will start automatically.
NOTE: Calibration at Portrait Mode is not recommended.
NOTE: For detailed functionality, see Calibration .
Stopping the Calibration Process
You can stop the calibrati on process at any time.
1.During calibration process, press any of the Function buttons, the following 
message appears.
2.Select Yes to stop the process.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null69Performing Color Validation
Perform Validation  on color calibration with the built-in colorimeter. 
Using the OSD menu
1.Using the OSD menu, set the validation criteria based on your preference. 
Then select Validate Now  to start the validation process.
2.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
70/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the Monitor3.Validation will start automatically.
Using the shortcut key without video signal
You can perform validation for the monitor without acquiring an input signal from 
the computer.
1.Press any of the Function buttons to display the shortcut keys.
2.Press the  button.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null713.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
NOTE: Validation at Portrait Mode is not recommended.
NOTE: For detailed functionality, see Validation .
Stopping the Validation Process
You can stop the validation process at any time.
1.During validation process, press any of the Function buttons, the following 
message appears.
2.Select Yes to stop the process.
72/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorUsing the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other 
stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Til t, Swive l
With the stand attached to the monitor, yo u can tilt and swivel the monitor for the 
most comfortable viewing angle.
NOTE: The stand is detached when  the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.
Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null73Vertical Extension
NOTE: The stand extends vertically up to 130 mm. The figure below 
illustrates how to extend the stand vertically.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monito r, your monitor should be fully vertically extended 
(Vertical Extension ) and fully tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the 
monitor.
74/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorRotate clockwise
Rotate counterclockwise
Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null75Troubleshooting
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your 
monitor is functioning properly. If yo ur monitor and computer are properly 
connected but the monitor screen remain s dark, run the monitor self-test by 
performing the following steps:
1.Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
2.Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer.
3.Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is  working correctly. While in self-test 
mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, the 
dialog shown below will continuo usly scroll through the screen.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
4.This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable 
becomes disconnected or damaged.
5.Turn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank afte r you use the previous procedure, check 
your video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.
76/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingBuilt-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool  that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inhere nt problem with your monitor, or with 
your computer and video card.
NOTE: You can run the built-in diagnost ics only when the video cable is 
unplugged and the monitor is in self-test mode .
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1.Ensure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the 
screen).
2.Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The 
monitor then goes into the self-test mode.
3.Press and hold Button 6  on the front panel for 4 seconds, the following 
message appears:
Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null774.Press the  button to highlight the Diagnostics icon, then press the  
button, and a gray screen appears.
5.Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
6.Press Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to 
red.
7.Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
8.Repeat steps 6 and 7 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and 
text screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.
Always On USB Type-C (Thunderbolt™) Charging
The monitor allows yo u to charge your notebook or  mobile devices through the 
Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable even when the monitor is powered off. See USB-C 
Charging  for more information. You may need to update to the latest firmware for 
this feature to fu nction properly.
You may verify your current firmware revision in Firmware . If this is not available, 
go to the Dell download support site for the latest application installer ( Monitor 
Firmware Update Utility.exe ) and refer to the Firmware Update Instruction 
User’s Guide: www.dell.com/UP2720Q
78/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingCommon Problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems 
you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power LED off No picture • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is pressed fully.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
No Video/
Power LED onNo picture or no brightness • Increase brightness & contrast controls via 
OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, blurry, or ghosting • Eliminate video extension cables.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Change the video resolution to the correct 
aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery Video Wavy picture or fine movement • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Check environmental factors.
• Relocate the monitor and test in another 
room.
• Dell monitors are designed to work optimally 
with Dell supplied inbox cables. Dell does not guarantee the video quality and performance when using non-Dell cables.Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null79Missing Pixels LCD screen 
has spots•C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural 
defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has bright spots •C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural 
defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness Problems Picture too dim or too bright • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness & contrast controls via 
OSD.
Geometric Distortion Screen not centered correctly • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.
Horizontal/Vertical Lines Screen has one or more lines • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check and 
determine if these lines are also in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization Problems Screen is scrambled or appears torn • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Restart the computer in the safe mode .
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of smoke or sparks • Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•C o n t a c t  D e l l  i m m e d i a t e l y .80/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingIntermittent 
ProblemsMonitor malfunctions on & off • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing color • Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not good • Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in 
the Color menu OSD depending on the 
application.
• Adjust R/G/B value under Custom Color  in 
Color menu OSD.
•C h a n g e  t h e  Input Color Format  to PC RGB 
or YPbPr in the Color menu OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static image left on the monitor for a long period of timeFaint shadow from the static image displayed appears on the screen• Use the Power Management feature to turn 
off the monitor at all times when not in use (for more information, see 
Power 
Management Modes ).
• Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Image Ghosting Fast moving images leave a trail of shadow images• Change the Response Time in the Display  
menu.Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null81Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is too small Image is centered on screen, but does not fill entire viewing area• Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the 
Display menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust 
the monitor with the buttons on the front panelOSD does not appear on the screen • Turn Off the monitor, unplug the power cord, 
plug it back, and then turn On the monitor.
• Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If 
yes, press and hold the Menu/function button next to the Power button for 4 seconds to unlock (for more information, see 
Lock ).
No Input Signal when user controls are pressedNo picture, the LED light is white • Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.
The picture does not fill the entire screenThe picture cannot fill the height or width of the screen• Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) 
of DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.82/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingNo video in 
PBP mode at HDMI port when playing movie contentWhen connected to some docking device at HDMI port, there is no video at PBP mode after the monitor is turned Off and then turned On again.• Unplug/plug HDMI cable from docking device 
output.
No video at HDMI port When connected to some docking device at HDMI port, there is no video when unplug/plug Thunderbolt™ cable from the Notebook.• Unplug the HDMI cable from docking device, 
then plug the docking Thunderbolt™ cable to Notebook. Plug the HDMI cable 7 seconds later.Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null83Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
USB interface is not working USB peripherals are not working• Unplug/plug Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable.
• Check that your monitor is turned On.
• Reconnect the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable 
to your computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Switch Off and then turn On the monitor 
again.
• Reboot the computer.
• Some USB devices like external portable HDD 
require higher electric current; connect the device directly to the computer system.
Thunderbolt™ 3 port does not supply power USB peripherals can not be charged• Check that the connected device is compliant 
with the Thunderbolt™ 3 specification. The 
Thunderbolt™ 3 port supports USB 3.1 with speeds up to 10 Gbps and an output of 90 W.
• Check that you use the Thunderbolt™ 3 
Active cable shipped with your monitor.
No video  
when using Thunderbolt™ 3 connection after DC On/Off, wake up from SleepNo picture is showing • Unplug/plug Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable.
• Check that the connected device is compliant 
with Thunderbolt™ 3 specification.
• Check that the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable 
connected from the computer to the USB-C upstream port on the monitor.
• Use the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable that 
was shipped with the monitor.
• In Windows, click on the Thunderbolt™ logo 
in Windows system tray (located at bottom right corner of the screen). Under Approve Thunderbolt Devices, select “Always Connect” for this monitor.84/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingNo video when 
using USB-C DP Alt-Mode connection after DC On/Off, wake up from SleepNo picture is showing •U n p l u g / p l u g  U S B - C  c a b l e .
• The monitor ships with a Thunderbolt™ 3 
Active cable. This cable does not work with a USB-C DP Alt-Mode source. If you are using a computer with USB-C DP Alt-Mode connection, please purchase a USB-C DP cable separately. 
High Speed USB 3.2 interface is slowHigh Speed USB 3.2 peripherals working slowly or not working at all• Check that your computer is USB 3.2-
capable.
• Some computers have USB 3.1, USB 3.0, USB 
2.0, and USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Reboot the computer.
Wireless mouse is not working or laggingDo not respond or responds slowly• Increase the distance between the USB 
peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
• Position your wireless USB receiver as close 
as possible to the wireless mouse.
• Use a USB-extender cable to position the 
wireless USB receiver as far away as possible from the USB 3.2 port.Appendix /.null/.null│/.null/.null85Appendix
WARNING:  Safety Instructions
WARNING: Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than 
those specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions , see the Safety, Environmental, and 
Regulatory Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information
For FCC notices and other re gulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United Stat es, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
NOTE: If you do not have an active  Internet connection, you can find 
contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
• Online technical assistance ─ www.dell.com/support/monitors
•C o n t a c t i n g  D e l l  ─ www.dell.com/contactdell86/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAppendixVideo and USB Support over USB-C
Video resolution and USB support when connecting to monitor via USB-C.
* Cable shipped with monitor.
NOTE: TBT3 is the abbreviation of Thunderbolt™ 3.
NOTE: Refer to Bottom View  for monitor port assignment.
NOTE: Refer to Connecting the monitor for Thunderbolt™ Multi-
Stream Transport (MST) function  for Daisy chain connection.Video USB
Connection 
on host 
computerUpstream 
Cable used 
(Host 
computer to 
Monitor port 
6-1)4K
(Direct 
connect)4K
(Daisy- 
chained)TBT3 
device 
connected 
to TBT3 
down-
stream 
(Monitor 
port 6-2)USB-C 
device 
connected 
to TBT3 
down-
stream 
(Monitor 
port 6-2)USB 
device 
connected 
to USB-A 
down-
stream 
(Monitor 
port 7-1 to 
7-4)
USB-A USB A-to-C* No No No USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2
USB-C 
(Data only)USB-C 
MFDPNo No No USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2
TBT3 
PassiveNo No No USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2
TBT3 
Active*No No USB2.0 USB2.0 USB2.0
USB-C 
(MFDP)USB-C 
MFDPYes No No USB2.0 USB2.0
TBT3 
PassiveYes No No USB2.0 USB2.0
TBT3 
Active*No No USB2.0 USB2.0 USB2.0
TBT3USB-C 
MFDPYes No No USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2
TBT3 
PassiveYes No Yes USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2
TBT3 
Active*Yes Yes Yes USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2Appendix /.null/.null│/.null/.null87Purchasing a Thunderbolt™ 3 Passive Cable
NOTE: The links are for your referen ce only, and are subject to change 
without notice.Region Link
Dell 
Websitehttps:/ /www.dell.com/en-us/shop/accessories/apd/a9905599
https:/ /www.dell.com/en-us/shop/accessories/apd/a9905597
https:/ /www.dell.com/en-us/shop/accessories/apd/a9269731
US https:/ /www.belkin.com/us/p/P-F2CD081/
EMEAhttps:/ /www.delock.com/produkte/G_84846/merkmale.html/
https:/ /www.hama.cz/hama-kabel-thunderbolt-3-usb-c-typ-c-vidlice--vidlice-20-gb-s-100-w-1-m/
https:/ /www.lindy-international.com/Thunderbolt-3-Cable-2m.htm?websale8=ld0101.ld020102&pi=41557
Asiahttps:/ /www.lindy.com.tw/ecommerce/cable-adapter/thunderbolt3/41557.htmlModel: U2419HS/U2719DS
Regulatory model: U2419HSt/U2719DStDell UltraSharp 
U2419HS/U2719DS
User’s GuideNOTE:  A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of 
data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2018 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved.  Dell, EMC, and other trademarks 
are trademarks of Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. Other trademarks may be trademarks of their respective 
owners.
2018 – 12   
Rev. A00Contents
About Your Monitor  ................................. 5
Package Contents                                                                      5
Product Features                                                                        6
Identifying Parts and Controls                                                        7
Monitor Specifications                                                               10
Plug-and-Play                                                                         22
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy                                             22
Setting Up the Monitor  ............................. 23
Attaching the Stand                                                                  23
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension                                    25
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System                      26
Connecting Your Monitor                                                           26
Organizing Your Cables                                                             29
Removing the Monitor Stand                                                       29
Wall Mounting (Optional)                                                           30
Operating the Monitor  .............................. 31
Turning on the Monitor                                                               31
Using the Front Panel Controls                                                     31
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu                                       34
         Contents       |    34   |      Contents       Troubleshooting  ................................... 45
Self-Test                                                                                45
Built-in Diagnostics                                                                  46
Common Problems                                                                   47
Product Specific Problems                                                          49
Appendix ......................................... 50
Safety Instructions                                                                    50
FCC Notices (U  S  only) and Other Regulatory Information                  50
Contacting Dell                                                                                                           50
Setting Up Your Monitor                                                             51
Maintenance Guidelines                                                             53 About Your Monitor        |     5About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have received all 
the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Monitor 
Stand riser 
Stand base
Power cable (varies by country)
USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables the 
USB ports on the monitor)6    |       About Your Monitor
DP cable (DP to DP)
•	Quick Setup Guide
•	Safety,Environmental,and 
Regulatory Information
•	Factory Calibration Report 
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp  U2419HS/U2719DS  monitor has an active matrix, thinfilm transistor 
(TFT), liquid crystal display (LCD), and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
•	U2419HS: 60.47 cm (23.8-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) 1920 x 1080 
(16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•	U2719DS: 68.47 cm (27-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) 2560 x 1440 
(16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•	Wide viewing angles with 99% sRGB color with an average Delta E<2.
•	Tilt, swivel, pivot and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
•	Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•	Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier set up 
with an elegant viewing experience.
•	Extensive digital connectivity with DP, HDMI and USB 3.0 helps future-proof your 
monitor.
•	Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•	On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
•	Security lock slot.
•	0.3 W standby power when in the sleep mode (without USB upstream cable).
•	Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.
NOTE: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the monitor may     
 cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital eye strain. ComfortView  
feature is designed to reduce the amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to 
optimize eye comfort. About Your Monitor        |     7Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
1 2
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)8    |       About Your Monitor
Back View            
61
2
3
4
5
     
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting  holes (100 mm x 100 
mm-behind attached VESA cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 
mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock 
(sold separately) .
5 Barcode, serial number, and Service 
Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact Dell 
for technical support.
6 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them 
through the slot.
Side View
USB downstream port
Port with  battery icon supports BC 1.2. About Your Monitor        |     9Bottom View
1 2345678
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
2 HDMI connector Connect your computer with HDMI cable (optional).
3 DP connector (in) Connect your computer with DP cable.
4 DP connector (out)
 DP output for MST (multi-stream transport) 
capable monitor. To enable MST, refer to instruction 
on section “ Connecting the Monitor for DP MST 
Function ”. 
NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when using DP out 
connector.
5 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming through 
HDMI or DP audio channels.
Only supports 2-channel audio.
NOTE: The audio line-out port does not support 
headphones.
6 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that comes with your monitor 
to the computer. Once this cable is connected, you 
can use the USB downstream connectors on the 
monitor.
7 USB downstream ports 
(2)*Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
connector after you have connected the USB cable 
to the computer and USB upstream connector on the 
monitor. 
NOTE: Port with  battery icon supports BC 1.2.
8 Stand lock Lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm  
(U2719DS)/ M3 x 8 mm (U2419HS)  screw (screw 
not included).
*To avoid signal interference, when a wireless USB device has been connected to a USB 
downstreamport, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the adjacent 
port(s).10    |       About Your Monitor
Monitor Specifications
Model U2419HS U2719DS
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel Type In-plane switching Technology In-plane switching Technology
Aspect ratio 16:9 16:9
Viewable image dimensions
  Diagonal 60.47 cm (23.8 inches) 68.47 cm (27 inches)
    Active Area
      Horizontal 527.04  mm ( 20.75  inches) 596.74  mm ( 23.49  inches)
      Vertical 296.46  mm  ( 11.67  inches) 335.66  mm  ( 13.21  inches)
  Area 156246.3  mm2 (242.15  inches2) 200301.7  mm2 (310.30  inches2)
Pixel pitch 0.2745 mm x 0.2745 mm 0.233 mm x 0.233 mm
Pixel per inch (PPI) 92.5 109
Viewing angle
   Horizontal 178° (typical) 178° (typical)
   Vertical 178° (typical) 178° (typical)
Brightness 250 cd/m² (typical) 350 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical) 1000 to 1 (typical)
Display screen coating Anti-glare treatment of the front 
polarizer (3H) hard coatingAnti-glare treatment of the front 
polarizer (3H) hard coating
Backlight LED LED
Response Time (Gray 
to Gray)5 ms (FAST mode)  
8 ms (NORMAL mode)5 ms (FAST mode)  
8 ms (NORMAL mode)
Color depth 16.7 million colors 16.7 million colors
Color gamut* 99% sRGB
99% REC709
85% DCI-P399% sRGB
99% REC709
85% DCI-P3
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average) Delta E < 2 (average) About Your Monitor        |     11Connectivity •	1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
•	1 x DP (out) with MST (HDCP 
1.4)
•	1 x HDMI 1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
•	2 x USB 3.0 downstream port
•	2 x USB 3.0 with BC1.2 
charging  capability at 2A (max)
•	1 x USB 3.0 upstream port
•	1 x Analog 2.0 audio line out 
(3.5mm jack)•	1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
•	1 x DP (out) with MST (HDCP 
1.4)
•	1 x HDMI 1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
•	2 x USB 3.0 downstream port
•	2 x USB 3.0 with BC1.2 
charging  capability at 2A (max)
•	1 x USB 3.0 upstream port
•	1 x Analog 2.0 audio line out 
(3.5mm jack)
Border width (edge 
of monitor to active 
area)5.0 mm (Top)
5.1 mm (Left/Right)
8.0 mm (Bottom)6.90 mm (Top)
6.90 mm (Left/Right)
8.1 mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
  Height adjustable 
stand130 mm 130 mm
  Tilt -5° to 21° -5° to 21°
  Swivel -40° to 40° -40° to 40°
Cable management Yes Yes
Dell Display Manager 
(DDM)CompatibilityEasy Arrange
and other key featuresEasy Arrange
and other key features
Security Security lock slot (cable lock 
sold separately) Anti-theft stand 
lock slot (to panel)Security lock slot (cable lock 
sold separately) Anti-theft stand 
lock slot (to panel)
* At panel native only, under Custom Mode preset.
Resolution Specifications
Model U2419HS U2719DS
Horizontal scan range 30 khz to 83 khz 30 khz to 90 khz
Vertical scan range 56 Hz to 76 Hz 56 Hz to 76 Hz
Maximum preset resolution 1920 x 1080 at 60 Hz 2560 x 1440 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities 
(DP & HDMI playback)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 
1080i, 1080p480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 
1080i, 1080p12    |       About Your Monitor
Preset Display Modes
U2419HS
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600  37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 900   60.0 60.0 108.0 -/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
U2719DS
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600  37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200   75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2048 x 1080 66.58 60.0 147.16 +/-
CVR, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/- About Your Monitor        |     13MST Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
U2419HS
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external monitors that can be 
supported.
1920 x 1080/60 Hz
1920 x 1080/60 Hz 3
NOTE : Maximum external monitor resolution supported is 1920 x 1080 60Hz only.
U2719DS
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external monitors that can be 
supported.
2560 x 1440/60 Hz
2560 x 1440/60 Hz 1
NOTE : Maximum external monitor resolution supported is 2560 x 1440 60Hz only.
Electrical Specifications
Model U2419HS/U2719DS
Video input signals •	Digital video signal for each differential line  
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance
•	DP/HDMI signal input support
Input voltage/ frequency/current 100-240 VAC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 1.6 A (maximum)
Inrush current 120 V: 30 A (Max.)
240 V: 60 A (Max.)14    |       About Your Monitor
Physical Characteristics
Model U2419HS U2719DS
Connector type •	DP connector (include DP 
in and DP out)
•	HDMI connector
•	Audio line-out
•	USB 3.0 upstream port 
connector
•	USB 3.0 downstream port 
connector x 4
(Port with  battery icon 
supports BC 1.2.)•	DP connector (include DP 
in and DP out)
•	HDMI connector
•	Audio line-out
•	USB 3.0 upstream port 
connector
•	USB 3.0 downstream port 
connector x 4
(Port with  battery icon 
supports BC 1.2.)
Signal cable type DP to DP 1.8 M cable 
HDMI 1.8 M cable 
USB 3.0 1.8 M cableDP to DP 1.8 M cable 
HDMI 1.8 M cable 
USB 3.0 1.8 M cable
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 478.4 mm (18.84 inches) 520.2 mm (20.48 inches)
Height (compressed) 348.4 mm (13.72 inches) 390.2 mm (15.36 inches)
Width 538.5 mm (21.20 inches) 612.2 mm (24.10 inches)
Depth 165.0 mm (6.50 inches) 180.0 mm (7.09 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 313.7 mm (12.35 inches) 355.0 mm (13.98 inches)
Width 538.5 mm (21.20 inches) 612.2 mm (24.10 inches)
Depth 39.0 mm (1.54 inches) 39.0 mm (1.54 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 393.5 mm (15.49 inches) 413.6 mm (16.28 inches)
Height (compressed) 347.0 mm (13.66 inches) 367.1 mm (14.45 inches)
Width 218.0 mm (8.58 inches) 230.0 mm (9.06 inches)
Depth 165.0 mm (6.50 inches) 180.0 mm (7.09 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 7.32 kg (16.14 lb) 8.52 kg (18.78 lb)
Weight with stand assembly 
and cables5.09 kg (11.22 lb) 5.96 kg (13.14 lb) About Your Monitor        |     15Weight without stand 
assembly (For wall mount or 
VESA mount considerations 
- no cables)3.14 kg (6.92 lb) 3.92 kg (8.64 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 1.59 kg (3.50 lb) 1.72 kg (3.79 lb)
Environmental Characteristics
Model U2419HS/U2719DS
Compliant Standards
•	ENERGY STAR certified Monitor
•	RoHS Compliant 
•	BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding external cables)
•	Meets NFPA 99 leakage current requirements
•	Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only
Temperature
 Operating 0°C to 40°C (32°F to 104°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
 Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation
U2419HS 232.03 BTU/hour (maximum)
58.02 BTU/hour (typical)
U2719DS 252.5 BTU/hour (maximum)
102.4 BTU/hour (typical)16    |       About Your Monitor
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA’s DPM-compliant video card or software installed in your PC, the monitor 
can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is referred to as 
power save mode*. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, mouse, or other input 
devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The following table shows the 
power consumption and signaling of this automatic power saving feature.
U2419HS
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 68 W (maximum)**  
17 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Off White
(Glowing)Less than 0.3 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Energy Star Power Consumption
PON 13.08 W***
ETEC 42.21 kWh****
U2719DS
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 74 W (maximum)**  
30 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Off White
(Glowing)Less than 0.3 W 
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Energy Star Power Consumption
PON 19.40 W***
ETEC 61.61 kWh**** About Your Monitor        |     17The OSD operates only in the normal operation mode. If you press any button in the active-
off mode, one of the following message is displayed:   
No DP signal from your device.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to wake it up.
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select
the correct input source.
U2419HSDell  UltraSharp 24 Monitor
No DP signal from your device.Dell  UltraSharp 27 Monitor
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to wake it up.
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select
the correct input source.
U2719DS
*Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting 
the AC mains cable from the monitor.
**Maximum power consumption with maximum luminance.
***Power consumption of on mode as defined in Energy Star 7.0 version.
****Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy Star 7.0 version.
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your product may 
perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you ordered 
and shall have no obligation to update such information. Accordingly, the customer should 
not rely upon this information in making decisions about electrical tolerances or otherwise. 
No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or implied.
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR -compliant. 
18    |       About Your Monitor
Pin Assignments
DP connector (in)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(n)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH (p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWR About Your Monitor        |     19DP connector (out)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH(p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH(n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWR20    |       About Your Monitor
HDMI connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT About Your Monitor        |     21Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
 NOTE:  Up to 2 A on USB downstream port (port with  battery  icon) with BC 1.2 
compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 2 USB downstream ports.
Your computer has the following USB ports:
•	1 upstream - bottom  
•	4 downstream - 2 at left side, 2 at bottom  
Power Charging Port - the ports with  battery  icon supports fast current charging 
capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in the power save 
mode. If you turn off the monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals may take 
a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption
SuperSpeed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
USB upstream port
 USB downstream port
Pin number Signal name Pin number Signal name
1 VBUS 1 VBUS
2 D- 2 D-
3 D+ 3 D+
4 GND 4 GND
5 StdB_SSTX- 5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdB_SSTX+ 6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN 7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdB_SSRX- 8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdB_SSRX+ 9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield Shell Shield22    |       About Your Monitor
Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data 
(EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can select 
different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor settings, see 
Operating the Monitor .   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more pixels 
to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect the display 
quality or usability. For more information on LCD Monitor Pixel Policy, see Dell support site 
at: http:/ /www.dell.com/support/monitors . Setting Up the Monitor        |     23Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Attaching the Stand
    NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is shipped
         from the factory.
    NOTE:  The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased
         any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
    CAUTION: Place monitor of a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching the
           display panel. 
    To attach the monitor stand:
    1  Align the stand base protruded blocks to the matching slot on the stand. 
    2  Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.
    3  Lift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
    4   After fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.24    |       Setting Up the Monitor
    1  Remove the monitor protective cover and place the monitor with its front facing     
        downward on it.
    2  Insert the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of 
        the monitor.
    3  Press the stand down till it snaps into its place. Setting Up the Monitor        |     25Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
   NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. If you purchased any other
        stand, refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most comfortable 
viewing angle.
5°
40° 40°130 mm
21°
  NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended and fully 
tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
21 90° 90°
  NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included with 
this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to  www.dell.com/support  and see the 
Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates. 
  NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience performance degradation 
in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).26    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to adjust 
the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
 NOTE:  If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2   Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3   If you have an AMD graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.
   4   If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.
   5   If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 
 NOTE:  If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card. 
Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions . 
    To connect your monitor to the computer:
         1    Turn off your computer.
         2    Connect the HDMI/ DP-DP /USB cable from your monitor to 
               the computer. 
         3    Switch on your monitor. 
         4   Select the correct input source at monitor OSD Menu and turn on your computer.  
  NOTE:  U2419HS/U2719DS  default setting is DP 1.4. A DP 1.1 Graphic card may not 
display normally. Please refer to “ product specific problems – No image when using DP 
connection to the PC ” to change default setting.           Setting Up the Monitor        |     27Connecting the HDMI cable (optional)
HDMI
HDMI
Connecting the DP cable 
DP
DP28    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
DP in DP out DP in
DP
   NOTE:  Supports the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your PC    
        Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
   NOTE:  Remove the rubber plug when using DP out connector.
 Connecting the USB cable 
USB
USB Setting Up the Monitor        |     29Organizing Your Cables 
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connect -
ing Your Monitor  for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the 
stand,  make sure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased 
any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
To remove the stand:
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
    2    Press and hold the stand-release button. 
    3    Lift the stand up and away from the monitor. 
 
23
   30    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Wall Mounting (Optional)
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
    2    Remove the stand.
    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the   
          plastic cover.
    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
           wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 3.14 kg (U2419HS)/3.92 kg (U2719DS). Operating the Monitor        |     31Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the  
 button to turn on the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows the 
numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
 345 12   32    |       Operating the Monitor
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front -Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
3
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen display 
(OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System .
4
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit the 
OSD main menu.
5
Power (with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white LED indicates the monitor is On and fully 
functional.
A glowing white LED indicates DPMS Power Save 
Mode. Operating the Monitor        |     33Front -Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
23 1  
Front Panel Button Description
1      
           
   
 
       
        Up             DownUse the Up (increase) and Down  (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.34    |       Operating the Monitor
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
75 %75 %
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted. 
  3   Press the 
  or 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
  6   Select the 
  to return to previous menu or 
  to accept and return to previous 
        menu. Operating the Monitor        |     35Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
75 %75 %
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  only if 
further adjustment is necessary. 
Press the 
   button to increase contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease contrast (between 0 and 100).
Contrast adjusts the difference between darkness and lightness 
on the monitor.
Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between different 
video inputs that are be connected to your monitor. 
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
 Menu
 Personalize
 OthersHDMIDP
Reset Input SourceOn Auto select
  36    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DP Select DP input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort) 
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP input source.
HDMI Select the HDMI  input when you are using the HDMI connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI input source.
Auto Select Use 
  to select Auto Select , the monitor scans for available 
input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory 
defaults.
Color Use the Color  menu to adjust the color setting mode.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source Input Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color Standard 
RGB
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others Operating the Monitor        |     37Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard, 
ComfortView, Multiscreen Match, Movie, Game, Color Temp. 
or Custom Color  from the list.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source Input Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color ComfortView
Multiscreen Match
Movie
Game
Color Temp.
Custom ColorStandard
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
•	Standard:  Default color settings. This is the default preset 
mode. 
•	ComfortView: Decreases the level of blue light emitted from 
the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
NOTE:  To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/
shoulders pain from using the monitor for long periods of time, 
we suggest you to :
•	Set the screen about 20 to 28 inches (50-70 cm) from your 
eyes.
•	Blink frequently to moisten or rewet your eyes when working 
with the monitor.
•	Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes every two 
hours.
•	Look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant object at 
20 feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
•	Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck/arm/back/
shoulders during the breaks.
•	Multiscreen Match:  Option to allow matching of the white 
backgrounds on multiple monitors.
•	Movie:  Ideal for movies.
•	Game:  Ideal for most gaming applications.
•	Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow tint 
with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with slider set 
at 10,000K.
•	Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color settings. 
Press the  
 and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, Green, and 
Blue values and create your own preset color mode.38    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
•	RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the HDMI, DP cable. 
•	YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only 
YPbPr output.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source Input Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color RGB
YPbPr
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
Hue Use 
  or 
  to adjust the hue from 0 to 100. 
NOTE:  Hue adjustment is available only for Movie and Game 
mode.
Saturation Use 
  or 
  to adjust the saturation from 0 to 100.
NOTE:  Saturation adjustment is available only for Movie and 
Game mode.
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults. Operating the Monitor        |     39Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Display  Use the Display  menu to adjust image. 
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
 Sharpness
Response Time50
Normal
OﬀWide 16:9 Aspect Ratio
Reset Display  Menu
 Personalize
 OthersMST
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9, Auto Resize, 4:3, 1:1 .
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Response 
TimeAllows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast .
MST DP Multi Stream Transport,  Set to ON enables MST(DP out), Set 
to OFF disables MST function. 
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults.
 
 Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, the 
languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on 
screen, and so on.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput SourceEnglish
RotationLanguage
Transparency
Timer20
20 s
Reset Menu
  Menu
 Personalize
 Others
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, 
Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).40    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 0/90/180/270 degrees.
You can adjust the menu according to your display rotation.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
  
and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer  OSD Hold Time:  Sets the length of time the OSD remains active 
after you press a button.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second  
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults.
 
  Personalize Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input 
Source, Aspect Ratio,Rotation set as shortcut key.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
On During Active
Oﬀ During StandbyBrightness/ContrastPreset Modes
Shortcut Key 2
Power Button LED
USB
Reset PersonalizationShortcut Key 1
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor 
standby mode.
NOTE: USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available when 
the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will be greyed 
out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset
Persona-
lizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults. Operating the Monitor        |     41Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Other
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
33T101
CN073K0OﬀOn
LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Service Tag
Reset Others
Factory ResetDisplay Info
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such as the 
DDC/CI , LCD conditioning , and so on.
  Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows you 
to adjust the monitor settings using software on your computer.
Select Off to turn off this feature.
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
OﬀOn
LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Service Tag
Reset Others
Factory ResetDisplay Info
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
42    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on the 
degree of image retention, the program may take some time to 
run. Select On to start the process. 
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Service TagOn
Oﬀ
Reset Others
Factory ResetDisplay Info
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
Firmware Firmware version.
Service Tag Show Service Tag.
Reset Others Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI , to factory defaults.
Factory 
ResetRestores all OSD settings to the factory defaults.
   NOTE: This monitor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness
         to compensate for LED aging. Operating the Monitor        |     43OSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the following 
message:
U2419HS U2719DS
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
The current input timing is not supported by the monitor display. Please 
change your input timing to 
listed timing as per the monitor speciﬁcations. 1920x1080, 6 0Hzor any other monitor
U2419HSDell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
The current input timing is not supported by the monitor display. Please 
change your input timing to 
listed timing as per the monitor speciﬁcations. 2560x1440, 6 0Hzor any other monitor
U2719DS
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency ranges 
addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 1920 x 1080 (U2419HS) / 2560 x 1440 
(U2719DS).
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
U2419HS U2719DS
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
The function of adjusting display setting using PC
application will be disabled.
Do you wish to disable DDC/CI function?
Yes No
U2419HSDell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
The function of adjusting display setting using PC
application will be disabled.
Do you wish to disable DDC/CI function?
Yes No
U2719DS
When the monitor enters the  Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
U2419HS U2719DS
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
Entering Power Save Mode. 
U2419HSDell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
Entering Power Save Mode. 
U2719DS44    |       Operating the Monitor
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
U2419HS U2719DS
No DP signal from your device.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to wake it up.
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select
the correct input source.
U2419HSDell  UltraSharp 24 Monitor
No DP signal from your device.Dell  UltraSharp 27 Monitor
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to wake it up.
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select
the correct input source.
U2719DS
If either DP, HDMI input is selected and the corresponding cable is not connected, a floating 
dialog box as shown below appears.
U2419HS U2719DS
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP Cable
www.dell.com/support/U2419HS
U2419HS
 or
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No HDMI Cable
www.dell.com/support/U2419HS
U2419HSDell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP Cable
www.dell.com/support/U2719DS
U2719DS
 or
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No HDMI Cable
www.dell.com/support/U2719DS
U2719DS
 See Troubleshooting  for more information. Troubleshooting        |     45Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                      
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
        Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor is 
functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the monitor 
screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all video cables from the back of computer.
   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the monitor 
cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, the power LED 
remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the dialogs shown below will 
continuously scroll through the screen.
U2419HS U2719DS
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP Cable
www.dell.com/support/U2419HS
U2419HS
 or
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No HDMI Cable
www.dell.com/support/U2419HS
U2419HSDell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP Cable
www.dell.com/support/U2719DS
U2719DS
 or
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No HDMI Cable
www.dell.com/support/U2719DS
U2719DS
   4    This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your video 
controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.46    |       Troubleshooting
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen abnormality 
you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your computer and 
video card.
  NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
345 12
To run the built-in diagnostics:
   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
         then goes into the self-test mode.
   3    Press and hold Button 1  for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.
   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
   5    Press Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text 
         screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1  again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, the 
monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer. Troubleshooting        |     47Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you might 
encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor 
and the computer is properly connected and secure.
•	Verify that the power outlet is functioning properly 
using any other electrical equipment.
•	Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no 
brightness•	Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•	Cycle	power	on-off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect	
   that canoccur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	 Quality	
  and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  
   http:/ /www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots•	Cycle	power	 On-Off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect		
   that canoccur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	 Quality	
   and PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at:  
   http:/ /www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•	Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks•	Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•	Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on 
& off•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor 
to the computer is connected properly and is 
secure.
•	Reset	the	monitor	to	factory	settings.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-
test mode.48    |       Troubleshooting
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Missing Color Picture missing 
color•	Perform monitor self-test.
•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor 
to the computer is connected properly and is 
secure.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not 
good•	Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the 
Color  menu OSD depending on the application.
•	Adjust R/G/B value under Custom. Color  in Color  
menu OSD.
•	Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or 
YPbPr in the Color  menu OSD.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen•	Use the Power Management  feature to turn off 
the monitor at all times when not in use (for more 
information, see Power Management Modes ).
•	Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver. Troubleshooting        |     49Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but does 
not fill entire 
viewing area•	Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the Display  
menu OSD.
•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, the 
LED light is white•	Check the signal source. Ensure the computer is 
not in the power saving mode by moving the mouse 
or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•	Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
•	Reset the computer or video player.
The picture does 
not fill the entire 
screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•	Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
No image 
when using DP 
connection to 
the PCBlack screen •	Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.4) is your 
Graphics Card certified to. Download and install the 
latest graphics card driver.
•	Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
  DP 1.4 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input 
  Source selection, press and hold DP select 
  
  key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting from 
  DP 1.4 to DP 1.1a. 50    |       Appendix
Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as the 
bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
         hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance website 
located at  www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
  NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
        information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. Availability 
varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See  www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
   1    Go to  www.dell.com/support .
   2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu
         at the top-left corner of the page.
   3    Click Contact Us  next to the country dropdown.
   4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
   5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you. Appendix        |     51Setting Up Your Monitor
Setting Display Resolution to 1920 x 1080 ( U2419HS )/
2560 x 1440 ( U2719DS ) (maximum)
For best performance, set the display resolution to 1920 x 1080 (U2419H/ U2419HX)/
2560 x 1440 (U2719DS)  pixels by performing the following steps:
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1  For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic
        desktop.
   2  Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
   3  Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 1920 x 1080 (U2419H/ 
       U2419HX)/2560 x 1440 (U2719DS) .
   4  Click OK.
In Windows 10 :
   1  Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2  Click Advanced display settings .
   3  Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 1920 x 1080 (U2419H/
        U2419HX)/2560 x 1440 (U2719DS) .
   4  Click Apply .
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update your 
graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the computer system 
you are using, and follow the given steps.
Dell computer
   1  Go to www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the latest 
        driver for your graphics card.
   2  After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to
       1920 x 1080 (U2419HS)/2560 x 1440 (U2719DS)  again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the resolution to 1920 x 1080 (U2419HS) /2560 x 1440 
(U2719DS) , please contact Dell to inquire about a graphics adapter that supports these 
resolutions.52    |       Appendix
Non-Dell computer
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch 
        to classic desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
   3   Click Change Display Settings .
   4   Click Advanced Settings .
   5   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, AMD, Intel etc.).
   6   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http:/ /www.AMD.com   or  http:/ /www.NVIDIA.com ).
   7   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 1920 x 1080 (U2419HS)/2560 x 1440 (U2719DS)  again.
In Windows 10 :
    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click Display adapter properties.
   4   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, AMD, Intel etc.).
   5   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http:/ /www.AMD.com   or  http:/ /www.NVIDIA.com ).
   6   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 1920 x 1080 (U2419HS)/2560 x 1440 (U2719DS)  again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the 
       manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics adapter that supports 
the video resolution. Appendix        |     53Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from
           the electrical outlet.
 
    CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, or 
handling your monitor:
•	To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static 
coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed air.
•	Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of any 
kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
•	If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
•	Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and 
show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
•	To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically changing 
screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.User’s Guide
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
Model No.: U2515H
Regulatory model: U2515HcDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Notes, Cautions, and Warnings
 NOTE:  A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better 
use of your computer.
 CAUTION:  A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of 
data if instructions are not followed.
 WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal 
injury or death.
_________________________
Information in this document is subject to change without notice.  
© 2014 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction of these materials in any manner whatsoever without the written permission 
of Dell Inc. is strictly forbidden.
Trademarks used in this text: Dell and the DELL  logo are trademarks of Dell Inc.; Microsoft  
and Windows  are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft. Corporation in 
the United States and/or other countries, Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation 
in the U.S. and other countries; and ATI is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. 
ENERGY STAR is a registered trademark of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. As an 
ENERGY STAR partner, Dell Inc. has determined that this product meets the ENERGY STAR 
guidelines for energy efficiency.
Other trademarks and trade names may be used in this document to refer to either the 
entities claiming the marks and names or their products. Dell Inc. disclaims any proprietary 
interest in trademarks and trade names other than its own.
2014 - 09 Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents  |  3Contents
1 About Your Monitor  .................................................. 5
Package Contents  ...................................................................... 5
Product Features  ........................................................................ 6
Identifying Parts and Controls  ................................................. 7
Monitor Specifications  ............................................................ 10
Plug and Play Capability  .......................................................... 19
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface  .................................... 20
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy  .................................. 21
Maintenance Guidelines  ......................................................... 22
2 Setting Up the Monitor  ........................................... 23
Attaching the Stand  ................................................................. 23
Connecting Your Monitor  ...................................................... 23
Organizing Your Cables  .......................................................... 29
Attaching the Cable Cover  .................................................... 30
Removing the Monitor Stand  ................................................ 30
Removing the Cable Cover  .................................................... 31
Wall Mounting (Optional)  ....................................................... 31
3 Operating the Monitor  ............................................ 32
Power On the Monitor  ............................................................ 32
Using the Front Panel Controls  ............................................. 32
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  ......................... 34
Setting the Maximum Resolution ......................................... 48
Using the Tilt, Swivel, Vertical Extension, Rotation and 
Dual Monitor Setup  ................................................................. 48
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  ..53
4 Troubleshooting  ...................................................... 54
Self-Test  ..................................................................................... 54
Built-in Diagnostics .................................................................. 55
Common Problems  ................................................................. 56
Product-Specific Problems  .................................................... 58
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems  .................... 60
Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) Specific Problems ....60Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4  |  Contents5 Appendix .................................................................... 61
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information  ................................................................................ 61
Contact Dell  .............................................................................. 61
Setting Up Your Monitor  ......................................................... 62Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  51 About Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Ensure that you have 
received all the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
 NOTE:  Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor. Some 
features or media may not be available in certain countries.
 NOTE:  To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective stand setup 
guide for setup instructions.
 ∞Monitor
 ∞Stand
 ∞Cable Cover
 ∞Power Cable (Varies by 
Countries)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6  |  About Your Monitor
 ∞DP Cable (Mini-DP to 
DP)
 ∞USB 3.0 Upstream 
Cable (Enables the USB 
Ports on the Monitor)
DellTM UltraSharp U2515H Monito r ∞Drivers and 
Documentation Media
 ∞Quick Setup Guide
 ∞Safety and Regulatory 
Information
 ∞Factory calibration 
report
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp U2515H  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film 
Transistor (TFT), Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) and LED backlight. The monitor features 
include:
 ∞U2515H : 63.44 cm (25.0 inch) viewable area display (measured diagonally). 
2560 x 1440 resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
 ∞Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position, or while 
moving from side-to-side.
 ∞Tilt, swivel, vertical extension and rotate adjustment capabilities.
 ∞Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
set up with an elegant viewing experience.
 ∞Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
 ∞Extensive all digital connectivity with DisplayPort, mini DisplayPort, HDMI (MHL), 
USB 3.0 helps future proof your monitor.
 ∞Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
 ∞99% sRGB Coverage with an average delta E ≤ 3.
 ∞On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen 
optimization.
 ∞Software and documentation media includes an Information File (INF), Image 
Color Matching File (ICM), and product documentation.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  7 ∞Dell Display Manager Software included (comes in the CD shipped with the 
monitor).
 ∞Energy Saver feature for Energy Star compliance.
 ∞Security lock slot.
 ∞Stand lock.
 ∞Capability to switch from wide aspect to standard aspect ratio while maintaining 
the image quality.
 ∞EPEAT Gold Rating.
 ∞U2515H monitor is BFR/PVC-free (Halogen-free) excluding external cables.
 ∞TCO-Certified Displays.
 ∞Meets NFPA 99 leakage current requirements.
 ∞Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only.
 ∞High Dynamic Contrast Ratio (2,000,000:1).
 ∞0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
 ∞Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real 
time.
 ∞Analogue backlight dimming control for flicker free display.
Identifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Front panel controls
23 1
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see 
Operating the Monitor )
2 Power LED indicator  
3 Power On/Off buttonDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8  |  About Your MonitorBack View
Back View with monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes (100 mm x 100 
mm - behind attached VESA Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 
100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock 
(security lock not included).
5 Barcode serial number label Refer to this label if you need to 
contact Dell for technical support.
6 USB downstream port* Connects your USB device. You can 
only use this connector after you 
have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB upstream 
connector on the monitor. 
7 Cable management slot Uses to organize cables by placing 
them through the slot.
* It is recommended to use this port for your wireless USB device whenever possible.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  9Side View
Bottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 AC power cord connector Connect the power cable.
2 Dell Soundbar mounting 
slotsAttach the optional Dell Soundbar. (Concealed 
below removable plastic sheets)
3 HDMI (MHL) port 
connectorConnect your MHL devices with MHL cable.
4 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 
mm screw (screw not included).
5 DisplayPort in connector Connect your computer with DP cable.
6 Mini DisplayPort in 
connectorConnect your computer with Mini-DP to DP 
cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10  |  About Your Monitor7 DisplayPort out (MST) 
connectorDisplayPort output for MST (Multi-Stream 
Transport) capable monitor. DP 1.1 monitor can 
only be connected as the last monitor in the 
MST chain. To enable MST, refer to instruction 
on section " Connecting the monitor for DP 
Multi-Stream Transport (MST) function ".
8 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers*.
9 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that came with your 
monitor to the computer. Once this cable is 
connected, you can use the USB connectors on 
the monitor.
10 
(a,b)USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use 
this connector after you have connected the 
USB cable to the computer and USB upstream 
connector on the monitor. **
* Headphone usage is not supported for the audio line out connector.
** It is recommended to use either the port (10b) or the USB downstream port on the 
rear side for your wireless USB device whenever possible.
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Model U2515H
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel type In Plane Switching
Viewable image
Diagonal
Horizontal, Active Area
Vertical, Active Area
Area634.4 mm (25.0 inches)
552.96 mm (21.77 inches)
311.04 mm (12.25 inches)
171992.68 mm2 (266.68 inch2)
Pixel pitch 0.216 mm
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical, 170° (vertical) Min
178° (horizontal) typical, 170° (horizontal) Min
Luminance output 350 cd/m² (typical) , 50 cd/m² (min)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical), 700 to 1(Min)
2M to 1 (typical Dynamic Contrast On)
Faceplate coating Anti-Glare with 3H hardness
Backlight LED edgelight systemDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  11Response time FAST mode: 6 ms gray to gray (typical)
NORMAL mode: 8 ms gray to gray (typical)
On/Off: 19 ms black to white (typical)
Color depth 16.78 million colors
Color gamut CIE 1976 (91%), CIE 1931 (76%) and sRGB 
coverage 99%
Resolution Specifications
Model U2515H
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 113 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range 56 Hz to 86 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 2560 x 1440 at 60 Hz
Supported Video Modes
Model U2515H
Video display capabilities (HDMI 
& DP playback)480p, 480i, 576p, 720p, 1080p, 576i, 1080i
Preset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal / 
Vertical)
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.1 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 60.0 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12  |  About Your MonitorMHL Source Display Modes
Display Mode Frequency (Hz)
640 x 480p 60
720 x 480p 60
720 x 576p 50
1280 x 720p 60
1280 x 720p 50
1920 x 1080i 60
1920 x 1080i 50
1920 x 1080p 30
1920 x 1080p 60
1920 x 1080p 50
720 (1440) x 480i 60
720 (1440) x 576i 50
MST Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external monitor that can be 
supported
2560x1440/60Hz 1920x1200/60Hz 1920x1080/60Hz
2560 x 1440/ 60Hz 1 2 2
Electrical Specifications
Model U2515H
Video input signals  ∞HDMI 1.4 (MHL 2.0)*, 600mV for each 
differential line, 100 ohm input impedance per 
differential pair
 ∞DisplayPort 1.2**, 600mV for each differential 
line, 100 ohm input impedance per differential 
pair
AC input voltage/frequency/
current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 1.5 
A (typical)
Inrush current  ∞120 V: 40 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
 ∞240 V: 80 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
* Does not support HDMI 1.4 optional specification, includes HDMI Ethernet Channel 
(HEC), Audio Return Channel (ARC), standard for 3D format and resolutions, standard 
for 2K and 4K digital cinema resolution.
** Supports DP1.2 (CORE) specification, include HBR2, MST and DP audio.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  13Physical Characteristics
Model U2515H
Connector type DP, black connector (includes DP in and DP out); 
Mini DisplayPort; HDMI (MHL); USB 3.0
Signal cable type  ∞Digital: detachable, HDMI, 19 pins
 ∞Digital: detachable, MHL, 19 pins
 ∞Digital: detachable, Mini-DP to DP, 20 pins
 ∞Universal Serial Bus: detachable, USB, 9 pins
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 512.5 mm (20.18 inches)
Height (compressed) 398.0 mm (15.67 inches)
Width 569.0 mm (22.40 inches)
Depth 205.0 mm (8.07 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 338.7 mm (13.33 inches)
Width 569.0 mm (22.40 inches)
Depth 46.4 mm (1.83 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 418.0 mm (16.46 inches)
Height (compressed) 371.6 mm (14.63 inches)
Width 245.0 mm (9.65 inches)
Depth 205.0 mm (8.07 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 9.8 kg (21.56 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cables6.8 kg (14.96 lb)
Weight without stand assembly 
(For wall mount or VESA mount 
considerations - no cables)4.4 kg (9.64 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.1 kg (4.64 lb)
Front frame gloss Black Frame - 13 gloss unit (max.)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14  |  About Your MonitorEnvironmental Characteristics
Model U2515H
Temperature
Operating 0 °C to 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating  ∞Storage: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
 ∞Shipping: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Humidity
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating  ∞Storage: 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
 ∞Shipping: 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
Operating 5,000 m (16,400 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation  ∞296.67 BTU/hour (maximum)
 ∞119.35 BTU/hour (typical)
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, 
the monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This 
is referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse or other input devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
* Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
SyncVideo Power 
IndicatorPower 
Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 87 W (maximum)**
35 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Blanked White  
(Glowing )Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.5 W
** Maximum power consumption with max luminance and USB active.
The OSD functions only in the normal operation mode. When any button is pressed 
in the Active-off mode, one of the following messages will be displayed: Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  15Dell UltraSharp U2515H
There is no signal coming from your computer . Press any key on the  
keyboard or move the mouse to wake it up. If there is no display , press the   
 monitor button now to select the correct input source on the On- Screen-
 Display menu.  
or
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
There is no signal coming from your device. Please activate your device to
wake it up. If there is no display , press the monitor button now to select  
the correct input source on the On- Screen- Display menu.   
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE:  This monitor is ENERGY STAR®-compliant. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16  |  About Your MonitorPin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the Connected 
Signal Cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX(p)
16 GND
17 AUX(n)
18 GND
19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  17Mini DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the Connected 
Signal Cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3(n)
4 GND
5 ML3(n)
6 GND
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML0(p)
11 ML2(p)
12 ML0(p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1(n)
16 AUX(p)
17 ML1(p)
18 AUX(n)
19 GND
20 +3.3 V DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18  |  About Your MonitorHDMI Connector
Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the Connected 
Signal Cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECTDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  19MHL Connector
Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the Connected 
Signal Cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 GND
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 MHL+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 MHL-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 GND
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 GND
18 VBUS (+5V, 900mA maximum)
19 CBUS
Plug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification 
Data (EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) protocols so the system can configure 
itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic, 
you can select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the 
monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20  |  About Your MonitorUniversal Serial Bus (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the 
monitor.
 NOTE:  This monitor is SuperSpeed USB 3.0 compatible.
Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption*
Super-speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
* Up to 2A on USB downstream port (port with 
  lightning icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
USB Upstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  21USB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
USB Ports
 ∞1 upstream - back
 ∞5 downstream - back
 ∞Power Charging Port- the port with 
  lightning icon; supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  USB 3.0 functionality requires a USB 3.0-capable computer.
 NOTE:  The monitor's USB interface works only when the monitor is On or in the 
power save mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then turn it On, the attached 
peripherals may take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usability. For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22  |  About Your MonitorMaintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
 CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
 WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from 
the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning 
or handling your monitor:
 ∞To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. 
If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-
static coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners or 
compressed air.
 ∞Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.
 ∞If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
 ∞Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
 ∞To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn Off your monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  232 Setting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
 NOTE:  The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
 NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand 
is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the setup 
instructions.
To attach the monitor stand:
1. Remove the cover and place the monitor on it.
2. Fit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of the 
monitor.
3. Press the stand till it snaps into place.
Connecting Your Monitor
 WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
 NOTE:  Do not connect all cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1. Turn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.  
Connect the DP/Mini-DP to DP/HDMI/MHL cable from your monitor to the 
computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24  |  Setting Up the MonitorConnecting the HDMI cable
Connecting the MHL cable
Connecting the black DisplayPort (Mini-DP to DP) cable
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  25Connecting the black DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable
Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
 NOTE:  U2515H supports the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your 
PC Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
The default out of factory setting in the U2515H is DP1.1a.
To enable MST connection, please use only DP cable as provided in box (or other 
DP1.2 certified cable) and change the DP setting to DP1.2 by performing the below 
steps:
A) Monitor is able to show content
1. Use OSD button to navigate to Display Settings .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26  |  Setting Up the MonitorEnergy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Energy 
Menu 
Others PersonalizeAspect Ratio
Sharpness
Response TimeDynamic ContrastWide 16:9
50
Normal
DP 1.2
Reset Display SettingsDisable
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
2. Go to DP 1.2  selection.
3. Select Enable  or Disable  accordingly
4. Follow the screen message to confirm selection of DP1.2 or DP1.1a.
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
Please ensure your Graphics Card can support DP MST(Daisy Chain)/ 
HBR2(High Bit Rate) before changing the monitor setting to DP1.2. 
Incorrect setting may result in blank screen on monitor .
Conﬁrm 
Exit
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
DP MST/HBR2 will be disabled for DP1.1a
Conﬁrm 
ExitDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  27B) Monitor fails to show any content (blank screen)
1. Use the  and  button to highlight DP or mDP .
DP
mDP
2. Press and hold the  button for approximately 8 seconds.
3. The DisplayPort configuration message will appear:
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
DP 1.2?
Enable
Disable
4. Use the  button to enable DP1.2 or  button to exit without making any 
changes.
Repeat the above steps to change the setting back to DP 1.1a if necessary.
 CAUTION: The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. 
Appearance of the computer may vary.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28  |  Setting Up the MonitorConnecting the USB 3.0 cable
After you have completed connecting the Mini-DP to DP/DP/HDMI cable, follow the 
procedures below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and complete your 
monitor setup:
1. Connect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 
port on your computer. (See Bottom View  for details.)
2. Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the downstream USB 3.0 ports on the 
monitor.
3. Plug the power cables for your computer and monitor into a nearby outlet.
4. Turn On the monitor and the computer.  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display 
an image, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems .
5. Use the cable slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
Using the (MHL) Mobile-High Definition Link
 NOTE:  This monitor is MHL certified.
 NOTE:  To use the MHL function, use only MHL-certified cable and source 
devices that support MHL output.
 NOTE:  Some MHL source devices may take more than a few seconds or longer 
to output an image, depending on MHL source devices.
 NOTE:  When the connected MHL source device enters Standby mode, the 
monitor will display black screen or show the massage below, depending on 
MHL source device's output.
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
Entering Power Save Mode. 
To enable MHL connection, please perform the below steps:Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  291. Plug the power cable of your monitor into an AC outlet.
2. Connect the (micro) USB port on your MHL source device to HDMI (MHL) 1 or 
HDMI (MHL) 2 port on the monitor with a MHL-certified cable (See Bottom View  
for details.)
3. Turn On the monitor and the MHL source device.
4. Select input source on monitor to HDMI (MHL) 1  or HDMI (MHL) 2  by using OSD 
Menu (See Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  for details.)
5. If it does not display an image, see Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) Specific 
Problems .
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See Connecting 
Your Monitor  for cable attachment,) organize all cables as shown above.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30  |  Setting Up the MonitorAttaching the Cable Cover
 NOTE:  The cable cover is detached when the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.
12
1. Fit the two tabs on the bottom part of the cable cover to the groove on the back 
of the monitor.
2. Press the cable cover till it snaps into place.
Removing the Monitor Stand
 NOTE:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the stand, 
ensure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
 NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand 
is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the setup 
instructions.
23
To remove the stand:
1. Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2. Press and hold the stand release button.
3. Lift the stand up and away from the monitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  31Removing the Cable Cover
1
2
1. Press the tab on the cable cover.
2. Remove the two tabs on the bottom part of the cable cover from the groove on 
the back of the monitor.
Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1. Place the monitor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
2. Remove the stand.
3. Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the 
plastic cover.
4. Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5. Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
wall mounting kit.
 NOTE:  For use only with UL-listed wall mount bracket with minimum weight/
load bearing capacity of 4.91 kg.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32  |  Operating the Monitor3 Operating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the  button to turn On the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of 
the image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD 
shows the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
23 1
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key/Preset 
ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset color 
modes.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  33Shortcut key/
Brightness/ContrastUse this button to directly access the Brightness/
Contrast  menu.
MenuUse the MENU  button to launch the On-Screen 
Display (OSD) and select the OSD Menu. See 
Accessing the Menu System .
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit 
the OSD main menu.
2 
and 
3 Power (with power 
light indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and fully 
functional. A glowing white light indicates the power 
save mode.
Front Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
Front Panel Button Description
1
UpUse the Up button to adjust (increase ranges) items in 
the OSD menu.
2
DownUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease ranges) 
items in the OSD menu.
3
OKUse the OK button to confirm your selection.
4
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34  |  Operating the MonitorUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
 NOTE:  If you change the settings and then either proceed to another menu or 
exit the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those changes. The changes 
are also saved if you change the settings and then wait for the OSD menu to 
disappear.
1. Press the  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
Main Menu for digital (HDMI (MHL) 1/ HDMI (MHL) 2) input
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display
Energy
Menu
OthersPersonalize
Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz50 50
or
Main Menu for digital (mini DisplayPort) input
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display
Energy
Menu
OthersPersonalize
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz
 Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz50 50
orDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  35Main Menu for digital (DP) input
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display
Energy
Menu
OthersPersonalize
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz
 Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz50 50
2. Press the  and  buttons to move between the setting options. As you move 
from one icon to another, the option name is highlighted. See the following 
table for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3. Press the  button once to activate the highlighted option.
4. Press  and  button to select the desired parameter.
5. Press  to enter the slide bar and then use the  and  buttons, according 
to the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6. Select the  button to return to the main menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36  |  Operating the MonitorIcon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  
adjustment.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display
Energy
Menu
OthersPersonalize50 50
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the  button to increase the brightness and press 
the  button to decrease the brightness (min. 0 / max. 
100).
NOTE:  Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when 
Dynamic Contrast  is switched On.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust the Contrast  
only if further adjustment is necessary.
Press the  button to increase the contrast and press the 
 button to decrease the contrast (min. 0 / max. 100).
The Contrast  function adjusts the degree of difference 
between darkness and lightness on the monitor screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  37
Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the 
different video signals that may be connected to your 
monitor.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color 
Display
Energy
Menu 
Others PersonalizemDP
HDMI(MHL) 1
HDMI(MHL) 2DP
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
DP Select the DP input when you are using the DisplayPort 
(DP) connector. Press  to select the DP input source.
mDP Select the mDP  input when you are using the Mini 
DisplayPort (Mini DP) connector. Press  to select the 
mDP  input source.
HDMI (MHL) 1
HDMI (MHL) 2Select the HDMI (MHL) 1  or HDMI (MHL) 2  input when 
you are using the HDMI connectors. Press  to select 
the HDMI (MHL) 1  or HDMI (MHL) 2  input source.
Color Use Color  to adjust the color setting mode.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display
Energy
Menu
Others PersonalizeInput Color Forma t
Gamma
Preset Modes
Reset Color SettingsRGB
PC
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60HzStandard
Resolution: 1920x1080, 60HzDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38  |  Operating the MonitorInput Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB:  Select this option if your monitor is connected to 
a computer (or DVD player) using the HDMI cable (or 
DisplayPort cable) or MHL devices using MHL cable.
YPbPr:  Select this option if your monitor is connected to 
a DVD player by YPbPr using HDMI cable (or DisplayPort 
cable) or MHL devices by YPbPr using MHL cable.
Or if the DVD (or MHL devices) color output setting is not 
RGB.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Gamma
Preset Modes
Reset Color Settings
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60HzInput Source
Color 
Display
Energy
Menu 
Others PersonalizeRGB
YPbPrInput Color Forma t
Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Gamma Allows you to set the Gamma  to PC or MAC .
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Preset Modes
Reset Color Settings
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60HzInput Source
Color 
Display
Energy
Menu 
Others PersonalizePC
MACInput Color Format
Gamma
Resolution: 1920x1080, 60HzDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  39Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose 
Standard , Multimedia , Movie , Game , Paper , Color Temp.
or Custom Color  from the list.
 ∞Standard : Loads the monitor's default color settings. 
This is the default preset mode.
 ∞Multimedia : Loads color settings ideal for multimedia 
applications.
 ∞Movie : Loads color settings ideal for movies.
 ∞Game : Loads color settings ideal for most gaming 
applications.
 ∞Paper : Loads brightness and sharpness settings ideal 
for viewing text. Blend the text background to simulate 
paper media without affecting color images. Applies to 
RGB input format only.
 ∞Color Temp. : Allows users to select the color 
temperature: 5000K , 5700K , 6500K , 7500K , 9300K  and 
10000K .
 ∞Custom Color : Allows you to manually adjust the color 
settings.
Press the  and  buttons to adjust the three colors ( R, 
G, B) values and create your own preset color mode.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color 
Display
Energy
Menu
OthersPersonalizeInput Color Format
Preset ModesGamma
Reset Color Setting s
MovieStandard
Multimedia
Game
Paper
Color Temp.
Custom Color
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to 
green or purple. This is used to adjust the desired flesh 
tone color. Use  or  to adjust the hue from '0' to 
'100'.
Press  to increase the green shade of the video image.
Press  to increase the purple shade of the video image.
NOTE:  Hue adjustment is available only when you select 
Movie  or Game  preset mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40  |  Operating the MonitorSaturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the video 
image. Use  or  to adjust the saturation from '0' to 
'100'.
Press  to increase the monochrome appearance of the 
video image.
Press  to increase the colorful appearance of the video 
image.
NOTE:  Saturation  adjustment is available only when you 
select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color 
SettingsReset your monitor color settings to the factory settings.
Display Use the Display  to adjust image.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U2515H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color 
Display 
Energy 
Menu
Others PersonalizeAspect Ratio
SharpnessWide 16:9
50
Normal Response Time
DP 1.2Dynamic Contrast
Reset Display SettingsDisable
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wide 16:9 , 4:3 or 5:4.
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. 
Use  or  to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'.
Response Time User can select between Fast or Normal .
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of contrast to provide 
sharper and more detailed image quality.
Press the  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  "On" 
or "Off".
NOTE:  Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you 
select Game  or Movie  preset mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  41DP 1.2 Press  to enable or disable DP 1.2 .
To use the DP MST (Daisy Chain) or HBR2 feature, enable 
DP 1.2.
NOTE:  Ensure your Graphics Card can support these 
features before selecting DP 1.2. Wrong setting may result 
in blank screen. Some Graphics Cards do not support 
MCCS (Monitor Control Command Set) at DP 1.2. In these 
cases, DDM (Dell Display Manager) may not run.
Reset Display 
SettingsSelect this option to restore default display settings.
Energy 
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U2515H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color 
Display 
Energy 
Menu 
Other PersonalizePower Button LED
USB
Reset Energy SettingsOﬀ During StandbyOn During Active
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On During 
Active  or Off During Active  to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during 
monitor standby mode.
NOTE:  USB on/off under standby mode is only available 
when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option 
will be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset Energy 
SettingsSelect this option to restore default Energy Settings .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42  |  Operating the MonitorMenu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such 
as, the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the 
menu remains on screen and so on.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Brightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display 
Energy 
Menu 
Others PersonalizeLanguage
Rotation
Transparency
TimerEnglish
Unloc k20s
Lock
Reset Menu Setting s20
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60Hz Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Language Language  options set the OSD display to one of the eight 
languages (English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian 
Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese or Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 90 degrees counter-clockwise. You 
can adjust the menu according to your Display Rotation .
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by 
pressing the  and  buttons (Minimum: 0 ~ Maximum: 
100).
Timer OSD Hold Time : sets the length of time the OSD will 
remain active after the last time you pressed a button.
Use  or  to adjust the slider in 1 second increments, 
from 5 to 60 seconds.
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock  is 
selected, no user adjustments are allowed. All buttons are 
locked.
NOTE:
Lock  function – Either soft lock (through the OSD menu) 
or hard lock (press and hold the button beside the power 
button for 10 seconds)
Unlock  function – Only hard unlock (press and hold the 
button beside the power button for 10 seconds)
Reset Menu 
SettingsReset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  43
Personalize Users can choose a feature from Preset Modes , 
Brightness/Contrast , Input Source , Aspect Ratio  or 
Rotation  and set it as a shortcut key.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Shortcut Key 1
Shortcut Key 2
Reset PersonalizationPreset Modes
Brightness / Contrast
Aspect RatioInput Source
Rotation
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60HzBrightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display 
Energy 
Menu
Others Personalize
Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Shortcut Key 1 User can select one of the followings: Preset Modes , 
Brightness/Contrast , Input Source , Aspect Ratio  and 
Rotation  to set the Shortcut Key 1 . 
Shortcut Key 2 User can select one of the followings: Preset Modes , 
Brightness/Contrast , Input Source , Aspect Ratio  and 
Rotation  to set the Shortcut Key 2 . 
Reset 
PersonalizationAllows you to restore shortcut key to the default setting. 
OthersEnergy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Button Sound
DDC/CI
LCD Conditioning
Reset Other Settings
Factory ResetOﬀ
Enable
Disable
Reset All Settings
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60HzBrightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display 
Energy 
Menu
Others Personalize
Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Button Sound The monitor beeps everytime a new option is selected in 
the menu. This feature enables or disables the sound.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44  |  Operating the MonitorDDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) 
allows your monitor parameters (brightness, color 
balance and etc.) to be adjustable via the software on 
your computer.
You can disable this feature by selecting Disable .
Enable  this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Button Sound
Reset Other Settings
Factory Reset
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60HzBrightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display 
Energy 
Menu
Personalize
Others DDC/CI
LCD ConditioningEnable
Disable
Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending 
on the degree of image retention, the program may take 
some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting 
Enable .
Energy Use Dell UltraSharp U251 5H
Button Sound
Reset Other Settings
Factory Reset
Maximum: 2560x1440, 60HzBrightness / Contrast
Input Source
Color
Display 
Energy 
Menu
Personalize
Others DDC/CI
LCD Conditioning Enable
Disable
Resolution: 1920x1080, 60Hz
Reset Other 
SettingsReset all settings under the Others setting menu to the 
factory preset values.
Factory Reset Reset all settings to the factory preset values.
 NOTE:  This monitor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the 
brightness to compensate for LED aging.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  45OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or 
Movie ), the manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
Do you wish to turn oﬀ Dynamic Contrast?
No
Yes
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
The current input timing is not supported by the monitor displa y. Please
change your input timing to 2560x1 440,  60Hz or any other monitor 
listed timing as per the monitor speciﬁcations.  
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving 
from the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical 
frequency ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 2560 x 1440.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI  function is disabled:
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
The function of adjusting display setting using PC application will be 
disabled.
Do you wish to disable DDC/CI function?
No
YesDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46  |  Operating the MonitorWhen the monitor enters the Power Save  Mode , the following message appears:
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
Entering Power Save Mode.
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, one of the following messages 
will appear depending on the selected input:
HDMI (MHL)/mDP/DP input
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
There is no signal coming from your compute r. Press any key on the  
keyboard or move the mouse to wake it up. If there is no displa y, press 
the monitor button now to select the correct input source on the 
On-Screen- Display menu.
or
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
There is no signal coming from your device. Please activate your device to  
wake it up. If there is no display , press the monitor button now to select
the correct input source on the On- Screen- Display menu. 
If either HDMI (MHL), mDP or DP input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
orDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  47Dell UltraSharp U2515H
The dispaly will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes 
www .dell.com/support/monitorsNo HDMI (MHL) 2 Cable 
or
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
The dispaly will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes 
www .dell.com/support/monitorsNo mDP Cable 
or
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
The dispaly will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes 
www .dell.com/support/monitorsNo DP Cable  ?
See Troubleshooting  for more information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48  |  Operating the MonitorSetting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor: 
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1:
1. For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3. Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 2560 x 1440 .
4. Click OK.
If you do not see 2560 x 1440 as an option, you may need to update your graphics 
driver. Depending on your computer, complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
 ∞Go to http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the 
latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell computer (portable or desktop):
 ∞Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest graphic 
drivers.
 ∞Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic drivers.
Using the Tilt, Swivel, Vertical Extension, Rotation 
and Dual Monitor Setup
 NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt and swivel the monitor for the 
most comfortable viewing angle.
5° 21° 
45° 45°
 NOTE:  The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  49Vertical Extension
 NOTE:  The stand extends vertically up to 115 mm. The figure below illustrates 
how to extend the stand vertically.
115mm
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended (  
NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory. ) and fully 
tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50  |  Operating the MonitorRotate clockwise
90° 0°
Rotate counterclockwise
90° 0°Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  51Reverse (180°) mount
 NOTE:  To reverse (180°) mount, remove the stand and use wall mounting 
solution (optional).
180°
 NOTE:  To use the Display Rotation function ( Landscape  versus Portrait  view) 
with your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not 
included with this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to www.dell.
com/support  and see the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver 
updates.
 NOTE:  When in the Portrait View Mode , you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).
Dual-Monitor Setup
The ability to rotate 90° clockwise, 90° counterclockwise and reverse (180°) mount 
enable the thinnest borders of each monitor to be placed side by side to ensure 
minimum gap between display images.
The recommended dual-monitor setup:
Landscape (side by side)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52  |  Operating the MonitorLandscape (Top-bottom)
180°
Supported by wall 
mounting solution (optional)
Portrait
90°
 90°Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  53Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your 
System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your system.
 NOTE:  If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to 
go the graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for 
information on rotating the 'contents' on your display.
To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Properties .
2. Select the Settings  tab and click Advanced .
3. If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation  tab and set the preferred 
rotation.
4. If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia  tab, in the left-hand column 
select NVRotate , and then select the preferred rotation.
5. If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel  graphics tab, click Graphic 
Properties , select the Rotation  tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 NOTE:  If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54  |  Troubleshooting4 Troubleshooting
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your 
monitor is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected 
but the monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the 
following steps:
1. Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
2. Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-
Test operation, remove all Digital and the Analog cables from the back of 
computer.
3. Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, 
the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the 
dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
or
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
orDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  55
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
mDP Cable
or
Dell UltraSharp U2515H
DP Cable
4. This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable 
becomes disconnected or damaged.
5. Turn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check 
your video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with 
your computer and video card.
 NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is 
unplugged and the monitor is in self-test mode .
54321Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56  |  TroubleshootingTo run the built-in diagnostics:
1. Ensure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
2. Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The 
monitor then goes into the self-test mode.
3. Press and hold Button 1  and Button 4  on the front panel simultaneously for 2 
seconds. A gray screen appears.
4. Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5. Press Button 4  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
6. Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
7. Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and text 
screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 4  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.
Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems 
you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture  ∞Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor 
and the computer is properly connected and 
secure.
 ∞Verify that the power outlet is functioning properly 
using any other electrical equipment.
 ∞Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
 ∞Ensure that the correct input source is selected via 
the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no 
brightness ∞Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
 ∞Perform monitor self-test feature check.
 ∞Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
 ∞Run the built-in diagnostics.
 ∞Ensure that the correct input source is selected via 
the Input Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, 
blurry, or ghosting ∞Eliminate video extension cables.
 ∞Reset the monitor to Factory Settings( Factory 
Reset ).
 ∞Change the video resolution to the correct aspect 
ratio.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  57Shaky/Jittery 
VideoWavy picture or 
fine movement ∞Reset the monitor to Factory Settings( Factory 
Reset ).
 ∞Check environmental factors.
 ∞Relocate the monitor and test in another room.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots ∞Cycle power On-Off.
 ∞Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural defect that 
can occur in LCD technology.
 ∞For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and 
Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.
dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots ∞Cycle power On-Off.
 ∞Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect that 
can occur in LCD technology.
 ∞For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and 
Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.
dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim or 
too bright ∞Reset the monitor to Factory Settings( Factory 
Reset ).
 ∞Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Geometric 
DistortionScreen not 
centered correctly ∞Reset the monitor to Factory Settings( Factory 
Reset ).
 ∞Adjust horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.
Horizontal/
Vertical LinesScreen has one or 
more lines ∞Reset the monitor to Factory Settings( Factory 
Reset ).
 ∞Perform monitor self-test feature check and 
determine if these lines are also in self-test mode.
 ∞Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
 ∞Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization 
ProblemsScreen is 
scrambled or 
appears torn ∞Reset the monitor to Factory Settings( Factory 
Reset ).
 ∞Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the scrambled screen appears in self-
test mode.
 ∞Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
 ∞Restart the computer in the safe mode .
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks ∞Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
 ∞Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on & 
off ∞Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor 
to the computer is connected properly and is 
secure.
 ∞Reset the monitor to Factory Settings( Factory 
Reset ).
 ∞Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-
test mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58  |  TroubleshootingMissing Color Picture missing 
color ∞Perform monitor self-test feature check.
 ∞Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor 
to the computer is connected properly and is 
secure.
 ∞Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not 
good ∞Change the Color Setting Mode  in the Color 
Settings  OSD to Graphics  or Video  depending on 
the application.
 ∞Try different  Preset Modes  in Color settings OSD. 
Adjust R/G/B value in Custom Color in Color 
settings OSD.
 ∞Change the Input Color Format  to RGB  or YPbPr  in 
the Color settings OSD.
 ∞Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on the 
monitor for a long 
period of timeFaint shadow from 
the static image 
displayed appears 
on the screen ∞Use the Power Management feature to turn off 
the monitor at all times when not in use (for more 
information, see Power Management Modes ).
 ∞Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Wireless mouse 
is not working or 
laggingDo not respond or 
responds slowly ∞Increase the distance between the USB 3.0 
peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
 ∞Position your wireless USB receiver as close as 
possible to the wireless mouse. 
 ∞Use a USB-extender cable to position the wireless 
USB receiver as far away as possible from the USB 
3.0 port.
Video Ghosting or 
OvershootingMoving image 
appears to have 
trailing shadow or 
bright edge. ∞Change the Response Time  in the Display  OSD to 
Fast or Normal  depending on your application and 
usage.
Product-Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is centered 
on screen, but 
does not fill entire 
viewing area ∞Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the Display 
settings OSD.
 ∞Reset the monitor to Factory Settings( Factory 
Reset ) .
Cannot adjust the 
monitor with the 
buttons on the 
side panelOSD does not 
appear on the 
screen ∞Turn Off the monitor, unplug the power cord, plug 
it back, and then turn On the monitor.
 ∞Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If yes, 
press and hold the button above the Power button 
for 10 seconds to unlock (for more information, see 
Lock ).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  59No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, the 
LED light is white ∞Check the signal source. Ensure the computer is not 
in the power saving mode by moving the mouse or 
pressing any key on the keyboard.
 ∞Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Replug the signal cable if necessary.
 ∞Reset the computer or video player.
The picture does 
not fill the entire 
screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width of 
the screen ∞Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
 ∞Run the built-in diagnostics.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60  |  TroubleshootingUniversal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
USB interface is 
not workingUSB peripherals 
are not working ∞Check that your monitor is turned On.
 ∞Reconnect the upstream cable to your computer.
 ∞Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
 ∞Switch Off and then turn On the monitor again.
 ∞Reboot the computer.
 ∞Some USB devices like external portable HDD 
require higher electric current; connect the device 
directly to the computer system.
High Speed USB 
3.0 interface is 
slowHigh Speed USB 
3.0 peripherals 
working slowly or 
not working at all ∞Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
 ∞Some computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0 and USB 1.1 
ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
 ∞Reconnect the upstream cable to your computer.
 ∞Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
 ∞Reboot the computer.
Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
MHL interface is 
not workingCannot see MHL 
device image 
shown on monitor ∞Ensure your MHL cable and MHL device are MHL 
certified.
 ∞Check your MHL device is turned On.
 ∞Check your MHL device is not in Standby mode.
 ∞Check physical MHL cable connection is 
corresponding to input source selected on OSD 
Menu i.e., HDMI (MHL) 1  or HDMI (MHL) 2 .
 ∞Wait for 30 seconds after connecting MHL cable as 
some MHL devices require longer recovery time.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix  |  615 Appendix
WARNING: Safety Instructions
 WARNING: Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those 
specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Product Information Guide .
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
 NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available 
in your area.
To get online Monitor support content:
1. Visit www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
1. Visit www.dell.com/support .
2. Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region  drop-down 
menu at the bottom of the page.
3. Click Contact Us  on the left side of the page.
4. Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
5. Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62  |  AppendixSetting Up Your Monitor
Setting the display resolution
For maximum display performance with Microsoft® Windows® operating systems, set 
the display resolution to 2560 x 1440  pixels by performing the following steps:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1:
1. For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3. Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 2560 x 1440 .
4. Click OK.
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update 
your graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the 
computer system you are using, and follow the given steps.
If you have a Dell™ desktop or a Dell™ portable computer 
with internet access
1. Go to www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the latest 
driver for your graphics card.
2. After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution 
to 2560 x 1440  again.
 NOTE:  If you are unable to set the resolution to 2560 x 1440, please contact 
Dell™ to inquire about a graphics adapter that supports these resolutions.
If you have a non Dell™ desktop, portable computer, or 
graphics card
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1:
1. For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
3. Click Change Display Settings .
4. Click Advanced Settings .
5. Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the 
window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).
6. Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
http://www.ATI.com  OR http://www.NVIDIA.com ).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix  |  637. After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution 
to 2560 x 1440  again.
 NOTE:  If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the 
manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics adapter that 
will support the video resolution.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Dell™ Display Manager User's Guide
Overview
Using the Quick Settings Dialog
Setting Basic Display Functions
Assigning Preset Modes to Applications
Applying Energy Conservation Features
Organizing windows with Easy Arrange
Rotating Screen Content
Overview
Dell Display Manager is a Windows application used to manage a monitor or a group of monitors. It allows manual adjustment of the displayed image, assignment of automatic
settings, energy management, window organization, image rotation and other features on select Dell models. Once installed, Dell Display Manager will run each time the system
starts and will place its icon in the notification tray. Information about monitors connected to the system is always available when hovering over the notification tray icon.
Using the Quick Settings Dialog
Clicking Dell Display Manager's notification tray icon opens the Quick Settings dialog box. When more than one supported Dell model is connected to the system, a specific
target monitor can be selected using the menu provided. The Quick Settings dialog box allows convenient adjustment of the monitor's Brightness and Contrast levels, Preset
Modes can be manually selected or set to Auto Mode, and the screen resolution can be changed.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  The Quick Settings dialog box also provides access to Dell Display Manager's advanced user interface which is used to adjust Basic functions, configure Auto Mode and access
other features.  
Setting Basic Display Functions
A Preset Mode for the selected monitor can be manually applied using the menu on the Basic tab. Alternatively, Auto Mode can be enabled. Auto Mode causes your preferredPreset Mode to be applied automatically when specific applications are active. An onscreen message momentarily displays the current Preset Mode whenever it changes.
The selected monitor's Brightness and Contrast can also be directly adjusted from the Basic tab.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Assigning Preset Modes to Applications
The Auto Mode tab allows you to associate a specific Preset Mode with a specific application, and apply it automatically. When Auto Mode is enabled, Dell Display Manager will
automatically switch to the corresponding Preset Mode whenever the associated application is activated. The Preset Mode assigned to a particular application may be the same
on each connected monitor, or it can vary from one monitor to the next.
Dell Display Manager is pre-configured for many popular applications. To add a new application to the assignment list, simply drag the application from the desktop, Windows
Start Menu or elsewhere, and drop it onto the current list.  
NOTE: Preset Mode assignments targeting batch files, scripts, and loaders, as well as non-executable files such as zip archives or packed files, are not supported and will
be ineffective.
In addition an option can be enabled that will cause the "Game" Preset Mode to be used any time a Direct3D application is run fullscreen. To override this behavior, if enabled,with individual game titles, add them to the assignment list with a different Preset Mode. Applications present in the assignment list take priority over the general Direct3Dsetting.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Applying Energy Conservation Features
On supported Dell models an Options tab will be available to provide PowerNap energy conservation options. When the screensaver activates, the monitor's Brightness can
automatically be set to minimum level or the monitor can be put to sleep in order to save additional power.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Organizing Windows with Easy Arrange
Some Dell models feature Easy Arrange, which allows the selected monitor's desktop to be organized into various predefined or custom window layouts. When Easy Arrange is
enabled, windows can easily be made to reposition and resize automatically to fill specific regions within a window layout.
To get started with Easy Arrange, choose a target monitor and select one of the predefined layouts. The regions for that layout will be displayed momentarily on the monitor.
Next, drag an open window across the monitor. While the window is being dragged, the current window layout will be displayed and an active region will be highlighted as thewindow passes over it. At any time, drop the window into the active region and it will automatically resize and reposition to fill that region.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  To create a custom window layout, first size and position up to 10 windows on the desktop and then click the Save  link in Easy Arrange. The size and position of the windows is
saved as a custom layout and the custom layout icon is created.  
NOTE: The application that owns each window is not saved in the custom layout. Only the size and position of the windows is saved.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  To use the currently saved custom layout, select the custom layout icon. To save a new custom layout, first postion and size up to 10 windows on the desktop and then click the
Save  link in Easy Arrange. To delete the currently saved custom layout, close all windows on the desktop and then click the Save  link in Easy Arrange.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Rotating Screen Content
Some Dell models provide Rotation features. On these monitors the Menu Rotation option under Other Settings in the OSD menu automatically triggers a corresponding change
in Windows screen orientation.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  A Rotate image  button on the Options tab and in the Quick Settings dialog may also be available on select models, to manually switch between landscape and portait screen
orientations.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model: UP2516D/UP2716D
Regulatory model: UP2516Dt/UP2716DtDell UltraSharp UP2516D/UP2716D 
Dell Display Manager 
User’s GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of 
your computer.
Copyright © 2015 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.  This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. 
Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. 
All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2015 – 09   Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents
    Overview  ............................................. 4
    Using the Quick Settings Dialog  ........................ 5
    Setting Basic Display Functions ......................... 6
    Assigning Preset Modes to Applications  .................. 7
    Applying Energy Conservation Features  ................. 8
    Organizing Windows with Easy Arrange  ................. 9
         Contents       |    3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4    |       Overview
  Overview
                                                                                                                                                                       
Dell Display Manager is a Windows application used to manage a monitor 
or a group of monitors. It allows manual adjustment of the displayed image, 
assignment of automatic settings, energy management, window organization, 
image rotation, and other features on select Dell monitors. Once installed, Dell 
display manager runs each time the computer starts and its icon is placed in 
the notification tray. Information about monitors connected to the computer is 
displayed when you hover the mouse pointer over the notification tray icon.
 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Using the Quick Settings Dialog        |    5Using the Quick Settings Dialog
                                                                                                                                                                       
Clicking Dell Display Manager’s notification tray icon opens the Quick Settings 
dialog box. When more than one supported Dell model is connected to the 
system, a specific target monitor can be selected using the menu provided. 
The Quick Settings  dialog box allows convenient adjustment of the monitor’s 
brightness and contrast levels. You can manually select a preset mode or enable 
automatic selection of a preset mode depending on the active application.
 
The Quick Settings  dialog box also provides access to Dell display manager’s 
advanced user interface, which is used to adjust basic functions, configure Auto 
Mode, and access other features. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6    |       Setting Basic Display Functions
Setting Basic Display Functions
                                                                                                                                                                        
A preset mode for the selected monitor can be manually applied using the 
menu on the Basic  tab. Alternatively, Auto Mode can be enabled. Auto Mode 
causes your preferred preset mode to be applied automatically when specific 
applications are active. A message momentarily appears on the screen showing 
the selected preset mode.
The selected monitor’s brightness and contrast can also be directly adjusted 
from the Basic  tab. 
 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Assigning Preset Modes to Applications        |    7Assigning Preset Modes to Applications
                                                                                                                                                                          
The Auto Mode  tab allows you to associate a specific preset mode with a 
specific application, and apply it automatically. When Auto Mode is enabled, 
Dell Display Manager automatically switches to the corresponding preset mode 
whenever the associated application is activated. The preset mode assigned to 
a particular application may be the same on each connected monitor, or it can 
vary from one monitor to the next.
Dell Display Manager is pre-configured for many popular applications. To add 
a new application to the assignment list, simply drag the application from the 
desktop, Windows Start Menu, or elsewhere, and drop it onto the current list. 
NOTE: Preset mode assignments targeting batch files, scripts, and 
loaders, as well as non-executable files such as zip archives or packed 
files, are not supported and will be ineffective.
In addition an option can be enabled that activates the Game  preset mode when 
a Direct3D application is run in full-screen mode. To override this behavior for 
individual game titles, add them to the assignment list with a different Preset 
Mode. Applications present in the assignment list take priority over the general 
Direct3D setting.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8    |       Applying Energy Conservation Features
Applying Energy Conservation Features
                                                                                                                                                                       
On supported Dell models, an Options  tab is available to provide PowerNap 
energy conservation options. When the screensaver activates, the monitor’s 
Brightness can automatically be set to minimum level or the monitor can be put 
to sleep in order to save additional power. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Organizing Windows with Easy Arrange        |    9Organizing Windows with Easy Arrange
                                                                                                                                                                         
Some Dell models feature Easy Arrange, which allows the selected monitor’s 
desktop to be organized into various predefined or custom window layouts. 
When Easy Arrange is enabled, windows can easily be repositioned and resized 
automatically to fill specific regions within a window layout.
To get started with Easy Arrange , choose a target monitor and select one of the 
predefined layouts. The regions for that layout are displayed momentarily on the 
monitor. Next, drag an open window across the monitor. While the window is 
being dragged, the current window layout is displayed and an active region gets 
highlighted as the window passes over it. At any time, drop the window into the 
active region to place the window in that region.
To create a custom window layout, size and position the windows        
(maximum 10) on the desktop and then click the Save  link in Easy Arrange . The 
size and position of the windows is saved as a custom layout and the custom 
layout icon is created. 
NOTE: This option does not save or remember the applications that are 
open. Only the size and position of the windows is saved..Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10    |       Organizing Windows with Easy Arrange
To use the custom layout, select the custom layout icon. To delete the currently 
saved custom layout, close all windows on the desktop and then click the Save  
link in Easy Arrange . 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Dell UltraSharp U4919DW Monitor
User’s Guide
Model: U4919DW
Regulatory model: U4919DWbDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Notes, cautions, and warnings
NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss 
of data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2018 Dell Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2018 - 11
Rev. A01Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  /.null/.null│/.null/.null3Contents
About Your Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Identifying Parts and Controls. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Front View. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10
Back View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11Bottom View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Monitor Specifications. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
Flat Panel Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13Resolution Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Supported Video Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Preset Display Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Electrical Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Physical Characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17Physical Characteristics (Continued). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18Power Management Modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19Pin Assignments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Plug and Play Capability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
USB Upstream Connector. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
USB Downstream Connector  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24USB Type-C Connector. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25USB Ports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Cleaning Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27
Attaching the Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Wall Mounting/3rd Party Arm (Optional)  . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Connecting the HDMI cable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Connecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36Connecting the USB Type-C cable  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37Connecting the USB 3.0 cable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Organizing Your Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Removing the Monitor Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Operating the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
Power On the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
Using the Front Panel Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
Front Panel Button  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Accessing the Menu System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
OSD Warning Messages. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Setting the Maximum Resolution. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
Setting the KVM USB Switch. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . 68
Tilt, Swivel . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 68
Vertical Extension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69Dual-Monitor Setup . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
Troubleshooting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
Self-Test. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .71Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . 76Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  /.null/.null│/.null/.null5Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory  
Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78
Contact Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorAbout Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with th e components shown below.  Ensure that you have 
received all the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
NOTE: Some items may be optional an d may not ship with your monitor. 
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
NOTE: To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective 
stand setup guide for setup instructions. 
 
Monitor
Stand RiserDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null 7Stand Base
VESA Cover
Screws x 4 for VESA 
mount
Power Cable (Varies by Country)
HDMI Cable 
DP Cable (DP to DP)
USB 3.0 Upstream Cable (Enables the USB Ports on the Monitor)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorUSB Type-C Cable
•Q u i c k  S e t u p  G u i d e
•F a c t o r y  C a l i b r a t i o n  
Re
port
• Safety, Environmental, 
and R
egulatory 
InformationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null9Product Features
The Dell U4919DW  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor 
(TFT), Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) an d LED backlight. The monitor features 
include:
• 124.46 cm (49-inch) viewable area display (measured diagonally).  
5120 x 1440 (32:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position.
• Color gamut of 99% sRGB with an average Delta E < 2.
• Supports HDMI, USB Type-C, DP sources.
• HDMI/DP connection supports 10-bit color at 60Hz. USB Type-C connection 
supports 8-bit color at 60Hz.
• Single USB Type-C to supply power (Up to 90 W) to a compatible notebook 
while receiving video & data signal.
• Tilt, swivel, and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
• Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling 
easier setup with an elegant viewing experience.
• Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™)  
100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen 
optimization.
• Security lock slot.
• 0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
• Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) Select mode.
• Allow user to switch USB KVM function in PBP mode.
• Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.
NOTE: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the 
monitor may cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital 
eye strain. ComfortView feature is de signed to reduce the amount of 
blue light emitted from the moni tor to optimize eye comfort.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorIdentifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Front panel controls
Description
1 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)
2 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null11Back View
Back view without and with monitor stand
Description Use
1, 2 VESA mounting holes of 100 mm 
x 1
00 mm (1) and 200 mm x 100 
mm (2) are supported.Attach stand to the monitor using 2
00 mm x 100 mm with M4 x 10 
mm screws.
For third party wall mount, it is 
r
ecommended using 200 mm x 100 
mm VESA-compatible wall mount kit with M4 x 10 mm screws.
3 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
4 Barcode serial number label Refer to this label if you need to c
ontact Dell for technical support.
5 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them 
through the slot.LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorBottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector Connect the power cable.
2 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock 
(
security lock not included). 
3
(1, 2
)HDMI port connector Connect your computer with HDM
I cable.
4 DisplayPort in connector Connect your computer with DP cab
le.
5 USB Type-C port Connect the USB Type-C cable tha
t came with your monitor to the 
computer or mobile device. This port supports USB Power Delivery, Data, and DisplayPort video signal.
The USB 3.1 Type-C port offers the 
f
astest transfer rate and the 
alternate mode with DP1.4 supports a maximum resolution of 5120 x 1440 at 60Hz,  
PD 20V/4.5A, 20V/3.25A, 15V/3A, 9V
/3A, and 5V/3A.
NOTE: US B Type-C is not supported on versions of Windows prior to Windows 10.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null13* To avoid signal interference, when a wi reless USB device has been connected to 
a USB downstream port, it is NOT r ecommended to connect any other USB 
devices to the adjacent port(s).
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications6
(1, 2)USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that came with your monitor to the computer. Once this cable is connected, you can use the USB connectors on the monitor.
7
(1, 2, 3, 
5)USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this connector after you have connected the USB cable to the computer and USB upstream connector on the monitor.*
7-4 USB downstream port with Power Charging Connect to charge your device.
Model U4919DW
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Type
Aspect ratio 32:9
Viewable image
Diagonal
Horizontal, Active Area
Vertical, Active Area
Area1244.6 mm (49 inches)
1198.08 mm (47.17 inches)
336.96 mm (13.27 inches)
403705 mm2 (625.74 inch2)
Pixel pitch 0.234 mm x 0.234 mm
Pixel per inch 109
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 350 cd/m² (typical)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your Monitor* Color gamut (typical) is based on CIE1976 (90%) and CIE1931 (75%) test 
standards.Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Antiglare with hard-coating 3H
Backlight White LED edgelight system
Response time 8 ms for NORMAL mode
5 ms for FAST mode
Color depth 1.07 billion colors
Color gamut* 99% sRGB
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average)
Built-in devices •2  x  U S B  3 . 0  u p s t r e a m  p o r t
•5  x  U S B  3 . 0  d o w n s t r e a m  p o r t s
•1  x  U S B  T y p e - C  p o r t
Connectivity • 2 x HDMI 2.0 (HDCP 2.2) (10-bit color @ 60Hz)
• 1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 2.2) (10-bit color @ 60Hz)
•5  x  U S B  3 . 0  D o w n s t r e a m  p o r t
•2  x  U S B  3 . 0  U p s t r e a m  p o r t
• 1 x USB Type-C (Alternate mode with DP1.4, Power 
Delivery, and USB2.0) (8-bit color @ 60Hz)
Border width (edge of monitor to active area) 12.2 mm (Top)
11.0 mm (Left/Right)
17.4 mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand
Til t
Swivel
Pivot0 to 90 mm
-5° to 21°
-170° to 170°
N/A
NOTE: Do not mount or use this monitor in portrait (vertical) orientation or inverse 
(180°) landscape mount as it may damage the monitor.
Dell Display Manager 
(DDM) CompatibilityEasy Arrange, Input Manager, Auto Source, etc.
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null15Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range
(HDMI & DP & USB Type-C alternate mode)25 kHz to 115 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range(HDMI & DP & USB Type-C alternate mode)24 Hz to 86 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 5120 x 1440 at 60Hz
Supported Video Modes
Video display capabilities (HDMI playback) 480p, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, 
(In
terlacing mode is not 
supported under PBP mode)
Preset Display ModesModel U4919DW
Model U4919DW
Display Mode Horizontal 
Fr
equency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Fr
equency 
(Hz)Pixel 
C
lock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Ho
rizontal/
Vertical)
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 60.0 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.0 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your Monitor# Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.
# Requires a graphics card that supports DP1.2 or above.
* Recommend user to disable YPbPr color format.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals HDMI 2.0*/DP 1.4, 600 mV for each differential line, 
1
00 ohm input impedance per differential pair. 
AC input voltage/fr
equency/current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz + 3 Hz / 3 A 
(typical) 
Inrush current • 120 V: 40 A (Max.) at 25 °C 
• 240 V: 80 A (Max.) at 25 °C 
* Not Support HDMI 2.0 optional specification, include HDMI Ethernet Channel 
(HEC), Audio Return Channel (ARC), standard for 3D fo rmat and resolutions, and 
standard for 4K digital cinema resolution.VESA, 1600 x 900 60.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 234.4 +/+
VESA, 3840 x 1080 66.6 60.0 261.0 +/-
VESA, 5120 x 1440# 88.8 60.0 461.6 +/+
Model U4919DWDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null17Physical Characteristics
• DP1.4, black connector
•H D M I 2 . 0
•U S B  3 . 0•U S B  T y p e - C
• Digital: Detachable, HDMI, 19 pins
• Digital: DisplayPort, 20 pins
• Digital: Type-C Port, 24 pins
• Universal Serial Bus: USB, 9 pins
Height (extended) 548.6 mm (21.60 inches)
Height (compressed) 458.6 mm (18.06 inches)
Width 1215.1 mm (47.84 inches)
Depth 252.6 mm (9.94 inches)
Height 371 mm (14.61 inches)
Width 1215.1 mm (47.84 inches)
Depth 109.3 mm (4.30 inches)
Height (extended) 433.5 mm (17.07 inches)
Height (compressed) 343.5 mm (13.52 inches)
Width 380.3 mm (14.97 inches)
Depth 252.6 mm (9.94 inches)Model U4919DW
Connec
tor Type
Signal cable type
Dimensions (with stand)
Dimensions (without stand)
Stand dimensionsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Weight with packaging 26.43 kg (58.27 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cab
les17.20 kg (37.92 lb)
Weight without stand assembly  
(For wall mount or VESA mount consid
erations - no cables)11.40 kg (25.13 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 5.34 kg (11.77 lb)
Front frame gloss Black Frame - 30 gloss unit (max.)
18/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorPhysical Characteristics (Continued)
• ENERGY STAR certified monitor
•EPEAT Gold registered in the U.S. EPEAT registration varies by country. See 
www.epeat.net  for registration status by country
•R o H S - c o m p l i a n t
• TCO certified displays
• BFR/PVC-free (Halogen-free) excluding external cables
• Arsenic-free glass and Mercury-free for the panel only
Operating 0 °C to 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Operating 20% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating 10% to 90% (non-condensing)
Operating 3,048 m (10,000 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
• 784.3 BTU/hour (maximum)
•2 0 4 . 6  B T U / h o u r  ( t y p i c a l )Environmental CharacteristicsWeight
Model U4919DW
Comp
liant Standards
Temperature
Humidity
AltitudeThermal dissipationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null19Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display c ard or software installed in your PC, 
the monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This 
is referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the 
keyboard, mouse, or other input devi ces, the monitor automatically resumes 
functioning. The following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this 
automatic power saving feature.
VESA 
Mo
desHorizontal 
Sy
ncVertical 
Syn
cVideo Power 
Ind
icatorPower 
Co
nsumption
Normal oper
ationActive Active Active White 230 W (maxi
mum)**
60 W (typical)
Active-off mod
eInactive Inactive Blanked White (b
linking)Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Energy Star Power Consumption
Pon 35.38 W
ETEC 147.53 kWh
NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR®-compliant. 
NOTE:  
Pon: Power consumption of on mode as de fined in Energy Star 7.1 version.  
ETEC: Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy Star 7.1 version.
The OSD functions only in the normal operation mode. When any button is pressed in the Active-off mode, the follo wing message will be displayed:
 
 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorActivate the computer and the mo nitor to gain access to the OSD.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
* Zero power consumption in  OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with max luminance, and USB active.
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your 
product may perform differently, depend ing on the software, components and 
peripherals you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. 
Accordingly, the customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions 
about electrical tolerances or otherwis e. No warranty as to accuracy or 
completeness is expressed or implied.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null21Pin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
C
onnected Signal Cable
1 ML3 (n)
2 GND
3 ML3 (p)
4 ML2 (n)
5 GND
6 ML2 (p)
7 ML1 (n)
8 GND
9 ML1 (p)
10 ML0 (n)
11 GND
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX (p)
16 GND
17 AUX (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the 
C
onnected Signal Cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT
22/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorHDMI ConnectorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null23Plug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification Data (EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) protocols so the system can configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are 
automatic; you can select different setting s if desired. For more information about 
changing the monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the 
monitor.
Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption*
Super-speed 10 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)NOTE: This monitor is Super-Speed USB 3.0 compatible.
* Up to 2A on USB downst ream port (port with 
  battery icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
USB 3.0 Type-C Description
Video DP 1.2/DP 1.4
Data USB 2.0/USB 3.0
Power Delivery (PD) Up to 90 W (typical)
NOTE: USB Type-C video requires a Type-C Alternate Mode capability computer. 
NOTE: To support USB Type-C Altern ate Mode DP 1.4, please ensure 
the Source computer has Altern ate Mode DP 1.4 capability.
NOTE: For USB Type-C to DP Adapter information, go to http://
www.dell.com and search P/N: H21XJ.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorUSB Upstream Connector
USB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GNDDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null25USB Type-C Connector
USB Ports
• 1 x USB Type-C - bottom
•2  x  U S B  3 . 0  u p s t r e a m  -  b o t t o m
• 5 x USB 3.0 downstream - bottom8 SS TX-
9 SSTX+
Pin Number Signal Name Pin Number Signal Name
A1 GND B1 GND
A2 TX1+ B2 TX2+
A3 TX1- B3 TX2-
A4 VBUS B4 VBUS
A5 CC B5 VCONN
A6 D+ B6
A7 D- B7
A8 SBU1 B8 SBU2
A9 VBUS B9 VBUS
A10 RX2- B10 RX1-
A11 RX2+ B11 RX1+
A12 GND B12 GNDDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your Monitor• Power Charging Port- the port with  battery icon; supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
NOTE: USB 3.0 functionality requir es a USB 3.0-capable computer.
NOTE: The monitor's USB interface work s only when the monitor is On 
or in the power save mode. If you tu rn Off the monitor and then turn it 
On, the attached peripherals may ta ke a few seconds to resume normal 
functionality.
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proce ss, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging  state which are hard to see and do not 
affect the display quality or usability. Fo r more information on  Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  http://www.dell.com/support/
monitors .
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the 
monitor.
WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable from the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
• To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. 
If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating. Do not use benzene,  thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, 
or compressed air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.
• If you notice white powder when you unpa ck your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn Off your monitor when not in use.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null27Setting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.
NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor with a stand. When any other 
stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for 
the set up instructions.
CAUTION: Do not remove the monitor from the packaging box before 
attaching the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1.F ollow the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the 
top cushion that secures it.
2.Inse rt the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.
3.L ift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.4.A
fter fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the Monitor5.Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly.
6.Attach the stand assembly to the monitor.
a.Fit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of 
the monitor.
b.Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to attach the four screws to secure 
the stand assembly to the monitor.
NOTE: When attaching the stand asse mbly, tilt the stand base upwards 
and make sure that the stand base does not hit the surface.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null297.Attach the VESA cover to the monitor.
a.Insert the cover with the lower part downward. Do NOT attach the latch at 
this point.
b.Tilt to fit the three tabs on the upper part of the cover to the groove of the back of the monitor.
c.Press the cover down till the latch snaps into place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the Monitor8.Hold the monitor holders firmly, and lift the monitor carefully to prevent it 
from slipping or falling.
NOTE: The monitor is very heavy; handle with extreme care. It is recommended to have two people to lift or move this monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null319.Set the monitor in place, and remove the monitor holders from the monitor.
NOTE: The monitor is very heavy; handle with extreme care. It is 
recommended to have two people to lift or move this monitor.
CAUTION: Do not press on the panel screen when lifting the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the MonitorWall Mounting/3rd Party Arm (Optional)
NOTE: Wall Mount Kit/3rd Party Arm Kit is NOT included in this 
monitor.
CAUTION: Do no t remove the monitor from the packaging box before 
attaching the mounting bracket from the Wall Mount Kit/3rd Party Arm 
Kit.
Refer to the instructions that come wit h the VESA-compatible wall mounting 
bracket.
1.A ttach the mounting bracket onto the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null332.Hold the monitor holders firmly, and lift the monitor carefully to prevent it 
from slipping or falling. Attach the monitor to the Wall Mount/3rd Party Arm following its respective instructions.
NOTE: The monitor is very heavy; handle with extreme care. It is recommended to have two people to lift or move this monitor.
3.A
fter attaching the monitor to the Wall Mount/3rd Party Arm, remove the 
monitor holder from the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the Monitor4.When using as dual monitor stacked on top of each other, set up must comply 
to the recommended panel orientation and working angle, as shown.
NOTE: In double stacked scenario us ing 3rd Party Arm, the top monitor 
should not be rotated 180° (landscape). The monitor should not be orientated at 90° (portrait).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null35Connecting Your Monitor
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety Instructions .
NOTE: Do not connect all cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1.T urn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2.Conne ct the HDMI/DP/USB Type-C cable from the monitor to your computer 
or USB Type-C device.
Connecting the HDMI cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setting in the U4919DW is HDMI 2.0. 
If the monitor fails to show any content after the HDMI cable is 
connected, follow the pr ocedures below to change the settings from 
HDMI 2.0 to HDMI 1.4:
• Press second button next to the  button to activate the OSD menu.
• Use the  and  buttons to highlight Input Source , then use the  
button enter the submenu.
• Use the  and  buttons to highlight HDMI.
• Press and hold the  button for approximately 10 seconds, and the 
HDMI configuration message appears.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the Monitor• Use the  button to select Disable  and change the settings.
Repeat the above steps to change the HDMI format settings if necessary.
Connecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setting in the U4919DW is DP1.4.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null37Connecting the USB Type-C cable
NOTE: Use the USB Type-C cable shipped with monitor only. 
• This port supports DisplayPort Alternate Mode DP 1.4.
•
The USB Type-C power delivery compliant port (PD Version 2.0) delivers 
up to 90 W of power. 
• If your notebook requires more than 90 W to operate and the battery is 
drained, it may not be powered up or charged with the USB PD port of 
U4919DW.
CAUTION: The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. 
Appearance of the computer may vary.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the MonitorConnecting the USB 3.0 cable
NOTE: To prevent data damage or lo ss, before changing USB upstream 
ports, make sure that NO USB st orage devices are in use by the 
computer connected to the monitor’s USB upstream port.
After you have completed connecting the HDMI/DP/USB Type-C cable, follow the 
proced
ures below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and complete 
your monitor setup:
1. a. Connect one computer: co nnect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable 
supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port on your computer.  
b. Connect two computers*:  connec t the upstream USB 3.0 ports to 
appropriate USB 3.0 ports on the two computers. Then use the OSD menu to select between the two USB upstream sources and input sources. See USB 
Select Switch .
2.Connec
t the USB 3.0 peripherals to th e downstream USB 3.0 ports on the 
monitor.
3.Pl ug the power cables for your computer(s) and monitor into a nearby outlet.
a. Connect one computer
b. Connect two computersDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null39* When connecting two comput ers to the monitor, the monitor's USB downstream 
ports for the keyboard and mouse can be a ssigned to different input signals from 
the two computers by changing the USB Selection  settings from the OSD menu. 
(See USB Selection  for details).
4.T urn On the monitor and the computer(s).  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display 
an image
, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems .
5.Use  the cable slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See 
Connecting Your Monitor  for cable attachment,) organize all cables as shown 
above.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the MonitorRemoving the Monitor Stand
NOTE: To prevent the curved LCD screen from being scratched and 
damaged while removing the stand, ensure that the monitor is placed 
on a soft, clean foam. Direct cont act with hard objects might cause 
damage to the curved monitor.
NOTE: The monitor is very heavy; handle with extreme care. It is recommended to have two people to lift or move this monitor.
NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the set-up instructions.
To remove the stand:
1.Pl
ace the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2.Pr ess and lift the cover latch to release and remove the cover.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null413.Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the 
stand.
4.Lift the stand up and away from the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorOperating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the 
  button to turn On the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust settings.
The following table describe s the front panel buttons:
Front Panel Button Description
1
Power
(with power light 
indicator)Use the Po wer  button to turn the monitor On 
and Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and 
fu
lly functional. A glowing white light indicates 
the power save mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null43Front Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
2
Shortcut key/
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
co
lor modes.
3
Shortcut key/
Brightness/ContrastUse this button to adjust the brightness and con
trast. Minimum is ‘0’ (-). Maximum is ‘100’ (+).
4
Shortcut key/
Input SourceUse this button to select the input source.
5
MenuUse the MENU b utton to launch the On-Screen 
Display (OSD). See Accessing the Menu 
System .
6
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
Front Panel Button Description
1
No Function This button has no function.
2
UpUse the Up  button to adjust (increase ranges) items in the 
OSD menu.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
NOTE: If you change the settings an d then either proceed to another 
menu or exit the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those 
changes. The changes are also save d if you change the settings and 
then wait for the OSD menu to disappear.
1.Pr ess the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
2.Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between the setting options. As you 
move from one icon to another, the option name is highlighted. See the 
f
ollowing table for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3.Pr ess the 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.3
Do
wnUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease ranges) items in 
the OSD menu.
4
EnterUse the Enter  button to enter a submenu.
5
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null454.Press  and  button to select the desired parameter.
5.Press 
  to enter the submenu and then use the directional buttons, 
according to the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6.Se lect the 
  button to return to the main menu.
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Bri ghtness/Contrast  
adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjus ts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the 
  button to increase the brightness and 
press the 
  button to decrease the brightness  
(min. 0 / max. 100).
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorContrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust the 
Contrast  only if further adjustment is necessary.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and press 
the 
  button to decrease the contrast (min. 0 /  
max. 100).
The Con trast  function adjusts the degree of difference 
between darkness and lightness on the monitor screen.
Input Source Use the Input Sour ce menu to select between the 
different video signals that may be connected to your 
monitor.
USB Type-C Select the USB T ype-C input when you are using the 
USB Type-C connector. Press the 
  button to select 
the USB Type-C input source.
DP Select the DP input when you are using the DisplayPort 
(DP) connector. Press the 
  button to select the 
DisplayPort input source.
HDMI 1 Select the HDM I 1 input when you are using the HDMI 1 
connector. Press the 
  button to select the HDMI 1 
input source.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null47HDMI 2 Select the HD MI 2  input when you are using the HDMI 
2 connector. Press the 
  button to select the HDMI 2 
input source.
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available 
inp
ut sources.
Auto Select for 
USB-CAllows you to set Auto Select for USB-C to:
• Pr ompt for Multiple Inputs : Always displays the 
“Switch to USB-C Video Input”  message for you 
to choose whether to switch or not.
•Ye s : Always switch to USB-C video input (without 
asking) when the USB Type-C cable is connected.
•No: Ne ver automatically switch to USB-C video input 
when the USB Type-C cable is connected.
NOTE: Auto Select for USB-C  is  only available when 
Auto Select  is turned On.
Reset Input 
Sour
ceReset your monitor input settings to the factory 
se
ttings.
Color Use Co lor to adjust the color setting mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorPreset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose 
Standard , ComfortView , Movie, Game , Color 
Temp. ,or Custom Color  from the list.
•Standard : Loads the monitor's default color settings. 
This is the default preset mode.
•ComfortView : Decreases the level of the blue light 
emitted from the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
WARNING: The possible long-term effects of blue light 
emission from the monitor may cause personal injury such as digital eye strain, eye fatigue and damage to the eyes. Using monitor for extended periods of time may also cause pain in parts of body such as neck, arm, back and shoulder.  
To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/shoulder pain from using the monitor for long periods of time, we suggest you to:
1.Set the distance of the screen between 20 inches 
to 28 inches (50cm-70cm) from your eyes.
2.Blink frequently to moisten your eyes or wet your 
eyes with water after prolonged usage of the monitor.
3.Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes 
every two hours.
4.Look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant 
object at 20 feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
5.Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck, 
arm, back, and shoulders during the breaks.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null49•Movie : Loads color settings ideal for movies.
•Game : L oads color settings ideal for most gaming 
applications.
•Co lor Temp. : Allows users to select the color 
temperature: 5000K, 5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K, 
and 10000K. Press the 
  button to select a 
preferred color temperature.
•Cust om Color : Allows you to manually adjust the 
color settings. Press the 
  and 
  buttons to 
adjust the Ga in, Offset , Hue, and Saturation  
values and create your own preset color mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorInput Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB : Se lect this option if your monitor is connected to 
a computer (or DVD player) using the DP or HDMI or 
USB Type-C cable. Press the 
  button to select the 
RGB mode.
YPbPr :  Select this option if your DVD player supports 
only YPbPr output. Press the 
  button to select the 
YPbPr mode.
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to 
g
reen or purple. This is used to adjust the desired flesh 
tone color. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the hue from '0' to 
'100'.
Use 
  to increase the green shade of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the purple shade of the video image.
NOTE: Hue  ad justment is available only when you 
select Movie  or Game  preset mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null51Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the video 
image
. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the saturation from '0' to 
'100'.
Use 
  to increase the colorful appearance of the video 
image.
Use 
  to increase the monochrome appearance of the 
video image.
NOTE: Saturation  adjustmen t is available only when 
you select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color Reset your monitor color settings to the factory 
se
ttings.
Display Use Disp lay to adjust images.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wi de 32:9 , Auto Resize , 
4:3, or 1:1.
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. 
Use
 
 or 
  to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorResponse Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or 
Fast .
Uniformity 
Compensa
tionSelect screen uniformity compensation settings. 
Ca
librated  is factory calibrated setting by default. 
Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different areas of 
the screen with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness and color over the entire screen. For optimal screen performance, Brightness  and Contrast  for 
some preset modes ( Standard , Color Temp. ) will be 
disabled when Uniformity Compensation  is turned 
On.
NOTE: User is
  advised to use factory default brightness 
setting when Uniformity Compensation  is turned on. 
For other brightness level setting, the uniformity performance may deviate from the data shown on the Factory Calibration Report.
Reset Display Select this option to restore default display settings.
PBP This function brings up a wi ndo w displaying image from 
another input source.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  X X X X X X X X Main WindowSub-Window
USB Type-C
DPUSB Type-C DP
HDMI 1HDMI 1
HDMI 2HDMI 2
Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null53NOTE: The images under PBP will be displayed at the 
center of the screen, not full screen.
PBP Mode Adjusts the PBP  (P icture by Picture) mode between 
PBP  or Off.
Press the 
  button to enable PBP mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorPBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be 
connected to your monitor for the PBP sub-window. 
Press the 
  button to select the PBP sub-window 
source signal.
USB Select 
SwitchSelect to switch between the USB upstream sources in P
BP mode. Press the 
  button to switch among USB 
upstream sources in PBP mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null55Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and sub-
windo
w in PBP mode. Press the 
  button to swap 
main window and sub-window.
Contrast (Sub) Adjust the contrast level of the picture in PBP Mode.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and press 
the 
  button to decrease the contrast.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorUSB Selection Allows you to set the USB upstream port for the input 
signals (DP, HDMI 1, and HDMI 2), thus the monitor's USB downstream port (eg. keyboard and mouse) can be used by the current input signals when you connect a computer to either one of the upstream ports.
When you use only one upstream port, the connected 
upstr
eam port is active.
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before 
changing USB upstream ports, make sure that NO USB storage devices are in use by the computer connected to the monitor’s USB upstream port.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null57Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, 
such as
, the languages of the OSD, the amount of time 
the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Language  op tions set the OSD display to one of the 
eight languages (English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese or Japanese).
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by 
pr
essing the 
  and 
  buttons (Minimum: 0 ~ 
Maximum: 100).
Timer OSD Hold Time : se ts the length of time the OSD will 
remain active after the last time you pressed a button.
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the slider in 1 second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Reset Menu Reset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorPersonalize
Shortcut Key 1 Allows you to choose a feature from Pr eset Modes , 
Brightness/Contrast , Input Source , Aspect Ratio , 
PBP Mode , USB Select Switch , or Video Swap  and 
set it as a shortcut key.Shortcut Key 2
Shortcut Key 3
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or Off to 
s
ave energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during mon
itor standby mode.
NOTE: U SB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Monitor Sleep Allows you to let the monitor turn off automatically or s
tay on when your computer goes into sleep mode. 
When Enable  is selected, the monitor goes to sleep as 
the system sleeps; when Disable is selected, you may 
prevent the screen from going off as the system sleeps for speedy display recovery from PC wake up.
Reset 
P 
ersonalizationReset all settings under the Pe rsonalize  menu to the 
factory preset valuesDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null59Others
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Disp lay Data Channel/Command Interface) 
allows your monitor parameters (brightness, color 
balance, and etc.) to be adjustable via the software on your computer.  
You can disable this feature by selecting Of
 f. 
Enable this feature for best user experience and op
timum performance of your monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorLCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. 
Depending on the degree of image retention, the program may take some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Firmware Displays the firmware version of your monitor.
Service Tag Displays the service tag serial number of your monitor.
Reset Others Reset all settings under the Other s menu to the factory 
preset values.
Factory Reset Reset all settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null61OSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a part icular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
This means that the monitor cannot synchron ize  with the signal that it is receiving 
from the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical 
frequency ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 5120 x 1440.You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
When the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorIf you press any button other than the power button, the following message will 
appear depending on the selected input:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
If either USB Type-C, HDMI, or DP input is  se lected and the corresponding cable is 
not connected, a floating dialog  box as shown below appears.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
See Troub l eshooting  for more information.
Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8, Windows® 8.1, and Windows® 10:
1.F or Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2.R ight-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3.C lick the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 5120 x 1440 .
4.Cl ick OK.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null63In Windows® 10:
1.Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2.Click Advanced display settings .
3.Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 5120 x 1440 .
4.Click Apply .
If you do not see 5120 x 1440 as an option, you may need to check whether your 
graphic card supports 4K@60Hz. If it do es support 4K@60Hz, update your graphic 
driver. If it does not support 4K@60Hz, depending on your computer, complete one 
of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•G o  t o  http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell comp uter (portable or desktop):
• Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest graphic 
drivers.
• Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic drivers.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  64/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorSetting the KVM USB Switch
To set the KVM USB Switch as Shortcut Key for the monitor:
1.Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
2.Press the 
  and 
  buttons to “Personalize”.
3.Press the 
  button to activate the highlighted option.
4.Press the 
  button to Shortcut Key 1 to activate the highlighted option.
5.Press the 
  and 
  buttons to “USB Select Switch”.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null656.Press the  button to confirm selection.
7.Press the 
  button to return to the main menu.
NOTE: KVM USB Switch function only work under PBP Mode.
The following are illustrations of se veral c onnection scenarios and their USB 
Selection  menu settings, as illustrated in corresponding color frames.
1.Wh en connecting HDMI 1  + USB 1  to computer 1 and DP + USB Type-C  to 
computer 2:
NOTE: The USB Type-C connection currently supports only data transfer.
Make sure USB Selection  for HDMI 1  is set to USB 1  and DP is set to  
USB Type-C .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  66/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the Monitor2.When connecting HDMI 1  + USB 1  to computer 1 and HDMI 2  + USB 2  to 
computer 2:
Make sure USB Selection  for HDMI 1  is set to USB 1  and HDMI 2  is set to 
USB 2 .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null673.When connecting HDMI 1  + USB 1  to computer 1 and USB Type-C  to 
computer 2:
NOTE: The USB Type-C connection currently su pports video and data transfer.
Make sure USB Selection  for HDMI 1  is set to USB 1 .
NOTE: As the USB Type-C port su pports the DisplayPort Alternate 
Mode, there is no need to set USB Selection for USB Type-C.
NOTE: When connecting to different  video input sources not shown 
above, follow the same method to make correct settings for USB 
Selection to pair the ports.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  68/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorUsing the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other 
stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Til t, Swive l
With the stand attached to the monitor, yo u can tilt 
 and swivel the monitor for the 
most comfortable viewing angle.
NOTE: The stand is detached when  the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null69Vertical Extension
NOTE: The stand extends vertically up to 90 mm. The figure below 
illustrates how to extend the stand vertically.
Dual-Monitor Setup
The recommended dual-monitor setup:
Landscape (Top-bottom)
Due to cable length restrictions (1 m) for USB Type-C Gen2 cable, it is 
recommended to connect your monitors:
• Connect the upper monitor with HDMI/DP cable.
• Connect the lower monitor with HDMI/DP/USB Type-C Gen2 cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  70/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub l eshootingTroubleshooting
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor is functioning properly. If yo ur monitor and computer are properly 
connected but the monitor screen remain s dark, run the monitor self-test by 
performing the following steps:
1.T
urn off both your computer and the monitor.
2.Unp lug the video cable from the back of the computer.3.Tu
rn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-sc reen (ag ainst a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is  working correctly. While in self-test 
mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, the 
dialog shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
4.Th is box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable 
becomes disconnected or damaged.
5.T urn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank afte r you use the previous  p rocedure, check 
your video controller and computer, becaus e your monitor is functioning properly.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub l eshooting /.null /.null│/.null /.null71Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing  is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with 
your computer and video card.
NOTE: You can run the built-in diagnost ics only when the video cable is 
unplugged and the monitor is in self-test mode .
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1.Ensur e that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the 
screen).
2.Unp lug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The 
monitor then goes into the self-test mode.
3.Pr ess and hold Button 2  on the front panel for 5 seconds. A gray screen 
appears.
4.Car efully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5.Pr ess Button 2  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to 
red.
6.Insp ect the display for any abnormalities.7.R
epeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and 
text screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press But ton 2  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
th
e monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  72/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingCommon Problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems 
you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power LED off No picture • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is pressed fully.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
No Video/
Power LED onNo picture or no brightness • Increase brightness & contrast controls via 
OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, blurry, or ghosting • Eliminate video extension cables.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Change the video resolution to the correct 
aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery Video Wavy picture or fine movement • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Check environmental factors.
• Relocate the monitor and test in another 
room.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null73Missing Pixels LCD screen 
has spots•C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural 
defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has bright spots •C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural 
defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness Problems Picture too dim or too bright • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness & contrast controls via 
OSD.
Geometric Distortion Screen not centered correctly • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.
Horizontal/Vertical Lines Screen has one or more lines • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check and 
determine if these lines are also in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization Problems Screen is scrambled or appears torn • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Restart the computer in the safe mode .
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of smoke or sparks • Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•C o n t a c t  D e l l  i m m e d i a t e l y .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  74/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingIntermittent 
ProblemsMonitor malfunctions on & off • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing color • Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not good • Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in 
the Color menu OSD depending on the 
application.
• Adjust R/G/B value under Custom Color  in 
Color menu OSD.
•C h a n g e  t h e  Input Color Format  to PC RGB 
or YPbPr in the Color menu OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static image left on the monitor for a long period of timeFaint shadow from the static image displayed appears on the screen• Use the Power Management feature to turn 
off the monitor at all times when not in use (for more information, see 
Power 
Management Modes ).
• Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Image Ghosting Fast moving images leave a trail of shadow images• Change the Response Time in the Display  
menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Ex
periencePossible Solutions
Screen image 
is
 too smallImage is ce
ntered on 
screen, but does not fill entire viewing area• Check the Asp
 ect Ratio  setting in the 
Display menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
No Input Signal wh
en user 
controls are pressedNo picture, the LED 
light 
is white• Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is no
t in the power saving mode by moving 
the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
pr
operly. Re-plug the signal cable if 
necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.
The picture do
es not fill 
the entire screenThe picture canno
t fill the 
height or width of the screen• Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) 
o
f DVDs, the monitor may display in full 
screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
No Video, No Di
splayNo video when conn
ecting 
docking, dongle or Blu-ray DVD players• Due to legacy platform cannot recognize or 
outp
ut 5120 x 1440, we suggest to change 
EDID to lower resolution to cover this compatibility problem:
1.R
emove all input cables, press Buttons 3 
and 4 for 5 seconds. (Please refer to 
page  71 for button numbers)
2.Choo se “Enable” on POP up screen to 
change max resolution from 5120 x 1440 to 3840 x 1080.
Troub leshooting /.null /.null│/.null /.null75Product Specific ProblemsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Display image 
at 5120 x 1440 @ 30Hz at HDMI portNot able to se
lect 5120 x 
1440 @ 60Hz in Graphic Control Panel at HDMI Port• Due to legacy platform HDMI 1.4 HW 
ban
dwidth limitation, it can only support 5120 
x 1440 @ 30Hz.
Monitor di
splayed 
image at 3840 x 1080 @ 60HzNot able to se
lect 5120 x 
1440 in Graphic Control Panel• Due to legacy platform HW limitation, it does 
no
t support 5120 x 1440.
• To support 5120 x 1440 @ 60Hz, check 
wh
ether the platform meet either one of the 
following:
1.DP 1.2 or higher.
2.T ype-C Alt Mode DP1.2 or higher.3.HDMI 2.
0.
76/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub l eshootingUniversal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
USB interface 
is no
t workingUSB periph
erals 
are not working• Check that your monitor is turned On.
• Ensure USB Selection is set correctly in the 
USB Selection  menu.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
c
omputer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
co
nnector).
• Switch Off and then turn On the monitor 
again.
• Reboot the computer.• Some USB devices like external portable HDD 
r
equire higher electric current; connect the 
device directly to the computer system.
• Disconnect one upstream USB cable when 
usin
g two upstream connections.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null77USB Type-C 
port does not supply power USB peripherals can not be charged• Check that the connected device is compliant 
with the USB-C specification. The USB Type-C port supports USB 3.1 with speeds up to 10 Gbps and an output of 90 W.
• Check that you use the USB Type-C cable 
shipped with your monitor.
High Speed USB 3.0 interface is slowHigh Speed USB 3.0 peripherals working slowly or not working at all• Check that your computer is USB 3.0-
capable.
• Some computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and 
USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Reboot the computer.
Wireless mouse is not working or laggingDo not respond or responds slowly• Increase the distance between the USB 3.0 
peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
• Position your wireless USB receiver as close 
as possible to the wireless mouse.
• Use a USB-extender cable to position the 
wireless USB receiver as far away as possible from the USB 3.0 port.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  78/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAppendixAppendix
WARNING:  Safety Instructions
WARNING: Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than 
those specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions , see the Safety, Environmental, and 
Regulatory Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory info rmation, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States , call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
NOTE: If you do not have  an active Internet connection, you can find 
contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service 
options. Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
• Online technical assistance ─ www.dell.com/support/monitors
•C o n t a c t i n g  D e l l  ─ www.dell.com/contactdellDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Dell UltraSharp U2718QM Monitor
User’s Guide
Model: U2718QM
Regulatory model: U2718QbNotes, cautions, and warnings
 NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better 
use of your computer.
 CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potentia l damage to hardware or loss of 
data if instructions are not followed.
 WARNING:  A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
____________________
Copyright © 2018 Dell Inc. All rights reserved. 
This product is protected by U.S. and internat ional copyright and intellectual property laws. 
DellTM and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other 
jurisdictions. All other marks and names ment ioned herein may be trademarks of their 
respective companies.
2018 - 05 Rev. A02
Contents  |  3Contents
About Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .7
Identifying Parts and Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12Plug and Play Capability  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Setting Up the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Attaching the Stand. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Organizing Your Cables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Removing the Monitor Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Wall Mounting (Optional). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Operating the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Power On the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 324  |  ContentsUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Setting the Maximum Resolution. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Requirements to view or playback HDR content  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extens ion  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
Rotating the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . . 50
Troubleshooting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51
Self-Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .51
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Proble ms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Speakers Specific Problems. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information . . . . . . .57
Contact Dell. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .57About Your Monitor  |  5About Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Ensure that you have received all 
the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
Monitor
Stand Riser
Stand Base NOTE: Some items  may be optional and may not ship with your monitor. Some 
features or media may not be available in certain countries.
 NOTE: To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective stand setup 
guide for setup instructions. 
Power Cable (Varies by 
Country)
DP Cable (Mini-DP to DP)
USB 3.0 Upstream Cable (Enables the USB Ports on the Monitor)
•Quick Setup Guide
•Fa ctory Calibration 
Report
•Safety , Environmental, 
and Regulatory Information
6  |  About Your MonitorAbout Your Monitor  |  7Product Features
The Dell U2718QM  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor (TFT), 
Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) and LED ba cklight. The monitor features include:
•68.47 cm (27-inch) viewable area  display (measured diagonally).  
3840 x 2160 (16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•Wide viewing angle to allow viewing fr om a sitting or standing position.
•Tilt, swivel, vertical extension, an d rotation adjustment capabilities.
•Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
setup with an elegant viewing experience.
•Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•Color gamut of 99.9% sRGB with an average Delta E < 2.
•HDR compatible with HDMI 2.0a.
•Extensive digital connectivity with DP, mD P, HDMI, and USB3.0 helps future-proof 
your monitor.
•On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of setup and screen optimization.
•Security lock slot.
•Stand lock.
•0.3 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
•Optimizes eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.
 NOTE: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the monitor may 
cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital eye strain. ComfortView 
feature is designed to reduce the amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to 
optimize eye comfort.
8  |  About Your MonitorIdentifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Front panel controls
Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)LabelAbout Your Monitor  |  9Back View
Back view with monitor stand
Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes 
(
100 mm x 100 mm - 
behind attached VESA 
Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wall 
mo
unt kit (100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock (security lock not in
cluded). 
5 Barcode serial number labe
lRefer to this label if you need to contact Dell for tec
hnical support.
6 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them through 
the slot.Label10  |  About Your MonitorSide View
Description Use
1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
conn
ector after you have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB up stream connector on the 
monitor.*
2 USB downstream port with Power 
ChargingConnect to charge your device.
* To avoid signal interference, when a wireless USB device has been connected to a USB do
wnstream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the 
adjacent port(s).LabelAbout Your Monitor  |  11Bottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Description Use
1 AC power connector Connect the power cable.
2 HDMI port connector Connect your computer with an HDMI cable.
3 DisplayPort in 
conn
ectorConnect your computer with a DP cable.
4 Mini DisplayPort in 
conn
ectorConnect your computer with a Mini-DP to DP cable.
5 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers.*
6 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that came with your monitor 
to the computer
. Once this cable is connected, you 
can use the USB connect ors on the monitor.
7-1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
conn
ector after you have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB up stream connector on the 
monitor.**
7-2 USB downstream port with Power 
ChargingConnect to charge your device.
8 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
s
crew (screw not included).
* Headphone usage is not supported  for the audio line out connector.
** To avoid signal interference, when a wire less USB device has b een connected to a USB 
downstream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the 
adjacent port(s).Label12  |  About Your MonitorMonitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Model U2718QM
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Type
Aspect ratio 16:9
Viewable image
Diagonal
Horizontal, Active Area
Vertical, Active Area
Area684.7 mm (27 inches)
596.74 mm (23.49 inches)
335.66 mm (13.21 inches)
200301.7 mm2 (310.47 inch2)
Pixel pitch 0.1554 mm x 0.1554 mm
Pixel per inch 163
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 350 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1300 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Antiglare with hard-coating 3H
Backlight LED edgelight system
Response time 8 ms (Normal)/5 ms (Fast)
Color depth 1.07 billion colors
Color gamut* 99.9% sRGB, 99.9% Rec 709, 80.7% DCI-P3
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average)
Built-in devices •USB 3.0 super-speed hub (with 1 x USB 3.0 upstream 
port)
•4 x USB 3.0 downstream ports
Connectivity •1 x HDMI 2.0 (HDCP 2.2)
•1 x DP 1.2 (HDCP 2.2)
•1 x mDP (HDCP 2.2)
•1 x Audio Line Out port
•1 x USB 3.0 Upstream port
•4 x USB 3.0 Downstream port (2 x BC1.2 included)
Border width (edge of 
monitor to active area)7.3 mm (Top/Left/Right)
9.0 mm (Bottom)About Your Monitor  |  13* At panel native only, under Custom Mode preset.
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 10 kHz to 137 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range 49 Hz to 86 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 2160 at 60Hz
Supported Video Modes
Video display capabilities 
(HDMI & DP playback)480p, 480i, 576p, 576i, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, QHD, UHDAdjustability
Height adjustable stand
Tilt
SwivelPivot0 to 130 mm
-5° to 21°
-45° to 45°-90° to 90°
Dell Display Manager 
C
ompatibility (DDM)Easy Arrange and other key features
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)
Model U2718QM
Model U2718QM14  |  About Your MonitorPreset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Fr
equency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(H
z)Pixel Clock 
(M
Hz)Sync Polarity 
(H
orizontal/
Vertical)
* Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals •HDMI 2. 0, 600 mV for each differential line, 100 
ohm input impedance per differential pair.
•D isplayPort & Mini Displa yPort 1.2, 600 mV for 
each differential line, 100 ohm input impedance 
per differential pair 
AC input voltage/frequency/
current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz + 3 Hz / 1.5 A 
(typical) 
Inrush current •12 0 V: 30 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
•2 20 V: 60 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)VESA, 640 x 400 31.5 70.1 25.2 +/-
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 59.9 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.1 28.3 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 - R 49.3 59.9 71.0 +/-
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2048 x 1280- R 78.9 59.9 174.3 +/-
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160- R* 133.3 60.0 533.3 +/-
Model U2718QMAbout Your Monitor  |  15Physical Characteristics
•Digital: detachable, HDMI, 19 pins (cable 
not included)
•Digital:  detachable, Mini-DP to DP, 20 
pins
•Univer sal Serial Bus: detachable, USB, 9 
pins
Height (extended) 540.2 mm (21.27 inches)
Height (compressed) 410.2 mm (16.15 inches)
Width 611.3 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Height 356.2 mm (14.02 inches)
Width 611.3 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 49.1 mm (1.93 inches)
Height (extended) 433.4 mm (17.06 inches)
Height (compressed) 387.2 mm (15.24 inches)
Width 292.4 mm (11.51 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Weight with packaging 9.40 kg (20.72 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and cables 6.55 kg (14.44 lb)
Weight without stand assembly (For wall 
mount or VESA mount consi
derations - 
no cables)3.70 kg (8.16 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.53 kg (5.58 lb)Model U2718QM
Signal cable type
Dimensions (with stand)
Dimensions (without stand)
Stand dimensions
Weight16  |  About Your MonitorEnvironmental Characteristics
•ENERGY STAR certified Monitor
EPEAT Gold registered in the U.S. EPEA T r egistration varies by country. See •
www.epeat.net  for registration status by country.
•Ro HS-compliant•BFR/PVC
-free (Halogen-free) excluding external cables
•Meets NFP A 99 leakage current requirements
•Arsenic -Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only
Operating 0 °C to 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000  ft) (maximum)
•337 .79 BTU/hour (maximum)•102.36 B
TU/hour (typical)
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its powe r consumption when not in use. This is 
referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monito r automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumptio n and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA Modes Horizontal 
SyncVertical 
SyncVideo Power 
IndicatorPower 
Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 99 W (maximum)**
30 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Blanked White (blinking) Less than 0.3 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 WModel U2718QM
Compliant Standards
Temperature
HumidityAltitudeThermal dissipationEnergy Star Power Consumption
Pon 24.32 W
ETEC 76.39 kWh
About Your Monitor  |  17The OSD functions only in the normal oper ation mode. When any button is pressed in 
the Active-off mode, the following message will be displayed:
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
 NOTE: This moni tor is ENERGY STAR®-compliant. 
 NOTE:  
Pon: Power consumption of on mode as defined in Energy Star 7.0 version.  
ETEC: Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy Star 7.0 version.
* Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only  be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with  max luminan ce, and USB active.
This document is informational only and refl ec ts laboratory performance. Your product 
may perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you 
ordered and shall have no obligation to up date such information. Accordingly, the 
customer should not rely upon this inform ation in making decisi ons about electrical 
tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or 
implied.
Pin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Con
nected Signal Cable
ML0(p)
GND
ML0(n)
ML1(p)GND
ML1(n)
ML2(p)GND
ML2(n)
ML3(p)GND
ML3(n)
GNDEDID WP
AUX(p)
GND
AUX(n)
Hot Plug DetectRe-PWR
+3.3 V DP_PWR
18  |  About Your MonitorMini DisplayPort Connector
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Con
nected Signal Cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3(n)
4 GNDAbout Your Monitor  |  195 ML3(p)
6 GND
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML0(n)
11 ML2(p)
12 ML0(p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1(n)
16 AUX(p)
17 ML1(p)
18 AUX(n)
19 GND
20 +3.3 V DP_PWRPin 
Number19-pin Side of the 
Con
nected Signal Cable
TMDS DATA 2+
TMDS DATA 2 SHIELDTMDS DATA 2-
TMDS DATA 1+
TMDS DATA 1 SHIELDTMDS DATA 1-
TMDS DATA 0+
TMDS DATA 0 SHIELDTMDS DATA 0-
TMDS CLOCK+
TMDS CLOCK SHIELDTMDS CLOCK-
CEC
Reserved (N.C. on device)
DDC CLOCK (SCL)
DDC DATA (SDA)DDC/CEC Ground
+5V POWER
HOT PLUG DETECT
20  |  About Your MonitorHDMI Connector
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
1819About Your Monitor  |  21Plug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification Data 
(EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) prot ocols so the system can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most mo nitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .
Universal Serial Bu s (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the monitor.
Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption*
Super-speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port) NOTE: This monitor is Super-Speed USB 3.0 compatible.
* Up to 2A on USB downstream port (port with  battery icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
USB Upstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
VCC
D-D+
GND
SSTX-SSTX+
GND
SSRX-SSRX+1
23
4
5
6
7
89
22  |  About Your MonitorUSB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+
USB Ports
•1 x USB 3.0 upstream - bottom
•2 x USB 3 .0 downstream - bottom
•2 x  USB 3.0 downstream - side
•Power Charging Port - the port with  battery icon; supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
 NOTE: USB 3.0 funct ionality requires a USB 3.0-capable computer.
 NOTE: The mon itor's USB interface works only  when the monitor is On or in the 
power save mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then turn it On, the attached 
peripherals may take a few second s to resume normal functionality.
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proce ss, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging st ate which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usabilit y. For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .1
About Your Monitor  |  23Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
 CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
 WARNING:  Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from 
the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, or 
handling your monitor:
•To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tiss ue or solution suitable for the anti-
static coating. Do not use benzene, th inner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or 
compressed air.
•Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some deterg ents leave a milky film on the monitor.
•If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
•Handle your monitor with care as a da rker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
•To help maintain the best image qualit y on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn O ff your monitor when not in use.
24  |  Setting Up the MonitorSetting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
 NOTE: The stan d is detached when the mo nitor is shipped from the factory.
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective st and setup guide for the setup instructions.
 CAU TION: Do not remove the monitor fr om the packaging box before attaching 
the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1Follo w the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the top 
cushion that secures it.
2Insert the sta nd base blocks fully into the stand slot.
3Lif t the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
4Afte r fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.
Setting Up the Monitor  |  255Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly.
6Attach the stand as sembly to the monitor.
aFit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of the 
monitor.
bPress the stand down till it snaps into place.26  |  Setting Up the Monitor7Place the monitor upright.
aSlide one hand in the cutout area on  the bottom cushion and use the other 
hand to hold the stand.
bLift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.
 CAUTION: Do not press on the pane l screen when l ifting the monitor.
8 Re move the cover from the monitor.
Setting Up the Monitor  |  27Connecting Your Monitor
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
 NOTE: Do not connect all cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1T urn Off your computer an d disconnect the power cable.  
Connect the DP/Mini-DP to DP/HDMI cable fr om your monitor to the computer.
Connecting the HDMI cable (Optional Purchase)
Connecting the DisplayPort  (Mini-DP to DP) cable
28  |  Setting Up the MonitorConnecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable (Optional Purchase)
 CAUTION: The graphics are used for the pu rpose of illustration only. Appearance 
of the computer may vary.Setting Up the Monitor  |  29Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
After you have completed connecting the DP/Mini-DP to DP/HDMI cable, follow the 
procedures below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the co mputer and complete your 
monitor setup:
1Connect the upstr eam USB 3.0 port (cable su pplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port 
on your computer.
2Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the do wnstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3Plu g the power cables for your comput er and monitor into a nearby outlet.
4Turn On the monitor and the computer.  
If your monitor displays an image, installati on is complete. If it does not display an 
image, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems .
5Use the ca ble slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See Connecting Your 
Monitor  for cable attachment,) organi ze all cables as shown above.30  |  Setting Up the MonitorRemoving the Monitor Stand
 NOTE: To prevent scratches on the LCD scre en while removing the stand, ensure 
that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective st and setup guide for the setup instructions
.
To remove the stand:
1Place the mon itor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2Pr ess and hold the stand release button.
3Lif t the stand up and away from the monitor.
Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1Place the mon itor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
2Remove the stand.
3Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remo ve the four screws securing the plastic 
cover.
Setting Up the Monitor  |  314Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
wall mounting kit.
 NOTE: For use only with UL-listed wall moun t bracket with minimum weight/load 
bearing capacity of 3.70 kg.
32  |  Operating the MonitorOperating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the 
  button to turn On the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
The front panel control buttons provide quick access to primary software functionalities 
for controlling the monitor.
Operating the Monitor  |  33The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key/
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset color modes.
2
Shortcut key/
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of video signals that may 
be connected to your monitor.
2
MenuUse the MENU  button to launch the On-Screen Display 
(OSD). See Accessing the Menu System .
3
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
4
Power
(with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and  fully 
functional. A glowing white light indicates the power save mode.
Front Panel Button
Use the buttons on the fr ont of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
Front Panel Button Description
1
UpUse the Up button to adjust (increase ranges) items in the OSD menu.34  |  Operating the MonitorUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
 NOTE: If you change the settings and then eith er proceed to another menu or exit 
the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those changes. The changes are 
also saved if you change the settings and then wait for the OSD menu to disappear.
1Pr ess the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
2Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between the setting options. As you move 
from one icon to another, the option name  is highlighted. See  the following table 
for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3Pr ess the 
  button once to activate  the highlighted option.
4Pr ess 
  and 
  button to select the desired parameter.
5Pr ess 
  to enter the submenu and then use the 
  and 
  buttons, according to 
the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6Sele ct the 
  button to return to the main menu.2
DownUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease ranges) items in the OSD 
menu.
3
OKUse the OK button to confirm your selection.
4
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.
Operating the Monitor  |  35Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the 
  button to increase the brightness and press the 
  
button to decrease the brightness (min. 0 / max. 100).
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when Dynamic 
Contrast is switched On.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust the Contrast  only if further 
adjustment is necessary.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and press the 
  button 
to decrease the contrast (min. 0 / max. 100).
The Con trast function adjusts the degree of difference between 
darkness and lightness on the monitor screen.
36  |  Operating the MonitorInput Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the different video 
signals that may be connected to your monitor.
DP Select the DP input when you are using the DisplayPort (DP) 
connector.
mDP Select the mDP  input when you are using the Mini DisplayPort (mDP) 
connector.
HDMI Select the HDMI  input when you are using the HDMI connector.
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceReset your monitor input settings to the factory settings.
Color Use Color to adjust the color setting mode.
Operating the Monitor  |  37Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard , 
ComfortView , Movie, Game , Color Temp. ,or Custom Color  from the 
list.
•S t a n d a r d : Loads the monitor's default color settings. This is the 
default preset mode.
•C o m f o r t V i e w : Decr eases the level of the blue light emitted from 
the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
•M o v i e : Loads color settings ideal for movies.
•G a m e : Lo ads color settings ideal fo r most gaming applications.
•C o l o r  T e m p . : Allo ws users to select the color temperature: 5000K, 
5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K, and 10000K.
• Custom Color : Allows you to manua lly adjust the R, G, B color 
settings. 
Press the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the R, G, B colors values and 
create your own preset color mode.
NOTE: To reduce the risk of eye stra in and neck/arm/back/shoulders 
pain from using the monitor for long periods of time, we suggest you:
•se t the screen about 20 to 28 inches (50-70 cm) from your eyes.
•blink frequently to moisten or rewet your eyes when working 
with the monitor.
•take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes every two hours.
•look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant object at 20 
feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
•perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck/arm/back/
shoulders during the breaks.38  |  Operating the MonitorInput Color 
Forma
tAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB : S elect this option if your monito r is connected to  a computer (or 
DVD player) using an HDMI cable (or DisplayPort cable).
YPbPr : S elect this option if your DVD player supports only YPbPr 
output.
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to green or purple. This is used to adjust the desired flesh tone color. Use 
 or 
  to 
adjust the hue from '0' to '100'.
Use 
  to increase the purple shade of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the green shade of the video image.
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only when you select Movie  or 
Game  preset mode.
Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the video image. Use 
 or 
  to adjust the saturation from '0' to '100'.
Use 
  to increase the colorful appearance of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the monochrome appearance of the video image.
NOTE: Saturation  adjustment is available only when you select Movie  
or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color Resets your monitor color settings to the factory settings.Operating the Monitor  |  39Display Use Display to adjust images.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wide 16:9 , 4:3, or 5:4 .
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. Use 
  or 
  
to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'.
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of  contrast to provide sharper and 
more detailed image quality.
Press the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  "On" or " Off".
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you select 
Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
Smart HDR HDR is short for High Dynamic Rang e. This technology simulates the 
human visual system to process a wider range of luminosity than 
traditional imaging technique can do. It  is most suitable for displaying 
images with a large amount of darkness or bright scenes.
NOTE: This function is only available when an HDMI signal is 
detected. While the monitor is processing HDR content, Preset Modes  
Brightness , and  Dynamic Contrast  will be disabled. The following 
message appears if you press the Preset Modes  shortcut key on the 
front panel.
40  |  Operating the MonitorNOTE: The possible peak luminance during HDR mode is 550-nit. 
The actual value and duration during HDR playback might vary 
according to the video content.
Reset Display Select this option to restore default display settings.
Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, the 
languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Sets the OSD display to one of the eight languages (English, Spanish, 
French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, or 
Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 90 degrees counter-clockwise. You can adjust the menu according to your 
Display Rotation .
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by pressing the 
 and 
  buttons (Minimum: 0 ~ Maximum: 100).
Timer Sets the length of time the OSD will remain active after the last time you pressed a button.
Use 
 or 
  to adjust the slider in 1 second increments, from 5 to 60 
seconds.
Reset Menu Resets all OSD settings to the factory preset values.Operating the Monitor  |  41Personalize
Shortcut Key 1/
Shortcut Key 2Users can choose a feature from Preset Modes , Brightness/Contrast , 
Input Source, Aspect Ratio, Smart HDR, or Rotation  and set it as a 
shortcut key.
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or Off when the 
monitor is active to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor standby mode.
NOTE: USB On/Off During Standby mode is only available when the 
USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will be greyed out when 
the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Monitor Sleep Allows you to let the monitor turn off automatically or stay on when 
your computer goes into sleep mode. When Enable  is selected, the 
monitor goes to sleep as the system sleeps; when Disable is selected, 
you may prevent the screen from going off as the system sleeps for speedy display recovery  from PC wake up.
Reset 
Personaliza -
tionReset all settings under the Personalize  menu to the factory preset 
values.42  |  Operating the MonitorOthers
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Comma nd Interface) allows your 
monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and etc.) to be 
adjustable via the software on your computer.  
You can disable this feature by selecting Off. 
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum perf
ormance of your monitor.
Operating the Monitor  |  43 NOTE: This moni tor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness 
to compensate for LED aging.
OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
the manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
When the monitor does not support a partic ular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:LCD 
Condition
ingHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on the 
degree of image retention, the program may take some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Firmware Displays the current firmware version.
Reset Others Resets all settings under the Others  menu to the factory preset values.
Factory Reset Resets all settings to the factory preset values.
44  |  Operating the Monitor NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with t he signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor.  Recom mended mode is 3840 x 2160.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
When the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
If you press any button other than the powe r button, the following me ssage will appear 
depending on the selected input:
Operating the Monitor  |  45 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
If either DP, mDP, or HDMI input is se lected  and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
See Troubleshooting  for more information.
Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8, and Windows® 8.1:
1For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic 
desktop.
2Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3840 x 2160 .
4Click OK.
In Windows® 10:
1Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2Click Ad vanced display settings .
3Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3840 x 2160 .
4Click Ap ply.
If you do not see 3840 x 2160 as an option, yo u may need to update your graphics driver. 
46  |  Operating the MonitorDepending on your computer, complete  one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•Go to http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the 
latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell comp uter (portable or desktop):
•Go to the support site for your computer  and download the latest graphic drivers.
•Go to your graphics card website an d download the latest graphic drivers.Operating the Monitor  |  47Requirements to view or playback HDR content
(1) via Ultra BluRay DVD or Game consoles
Ensure the DVD player and Game consoles are HDR capable, eg Panasonic DMP-UB900, 
x-Box One S, PS4 Pro. Download and insta ll the appropriate graphics card drivers  (for PC 
applications), see below.
(2) via PC
Ensure the graphics card used is HDR capabl e, ie HDMI2.0a (with HDR option) compliant 
and HDR graphics driver is installed. HDR ca pable player application must be used, eg 
Cyberlink PowerDVD 17, Windows 10 Movies and TV app.
For example Dell XPS8910, Alienware Aurora R5 , bundled with the below graphics cards. 
Dell Graphics driver with HDR support: Refer to  Dell support page to download the latest 
graphics driver that supports HDR playback for your PC/Notebook.
Nvidia
HDR capable Nvidia graphics cards: GTX1070,  GTX1080, P5000, P6000, etc. For a full 
range of HDR capable Nvidia graphics cards please refer to Nvidia website 
www.nvidia.com
Driver that supports Full Screen Playback mode  (eg PC games, UltraBluRay players), HDR 
on Win10 Redstone 2 OS: 381.65 or later.
AMD
HDR capable AMD graphics cards: RX480, RX470, RX460, WX7100, WX5100, WX4100, 
etc. For a full range of HDR capable AMD graphics cards please refer to www.amd.com  
Check HDR driver support information and download the latest driver from 
www.amd.com
Intel (Integrated Graphics)
HDR capable system: CannonLake or later
Suitable HDR player: Windows 10 Movies and TV app
OS with HDR support: Windows 10 Redstone 3
Driver with HDR support: visit downloadcenter.intel.com  for the latest HDR driver
 NOTE: HDR playback via OS (eg playback of HDR in a window within desktop)       
requires Win 10 Redstone 2 or later wi th appropriate player applications, eg  
PowerDVD17. Playing back protected content will require appropriate DRM        
software and/or hardware, eg Microsoft Playready™.
Please refer to Microsoft website for HDR support information.
48  |  Operating the MonitorUsing the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt and swivel the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
 NOTE: The stan d is detached when the mo nitor is shipped from the factory.
Vertical Extension
 NOTE: The stand extends vertically up to 13 0 mm. The figure below illustrates how 
to extend the stand vertically.
Operating the Monitor  |  49Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monito r should be fully vertically extended ( Vertical 
Extension ) and fully tilted up to avoid hitt ing the bottom edge of the monitor.
Rotate clockwise
Rotate counterclockwise
50  |  Operating the Monitor NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (L andscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included 
with this monitor. To download  the graphics driver, go to www.dell.com/support 
and see the Download  section for Video Drivers  for latest driver updates.
 NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode , you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive ap plications (3D Gaming and etc.).
Adjusting the Rotation Disp lay Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your system.
 NOTE: If you are using the monitor with a no n-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer  manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the 'contents' on your display.
To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
1Right-click on the desktop and click Properties .
2Select the Settings  tab and click Advanced .
3If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation  tab and set the preferred 
rotation.
4If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia  tab, in the left-hand column 
select NVRotate , and then select the preferred rotation.
5If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel  graphics tab, click Graphic  
Propertie s, select the Rotation  tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 NOTE: If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card.
Troubleshooting  |  51Troubleshooting
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
1T urn off both your computer and the monitor.
2Un plug the video cable from the back of the computer.
3T urn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-s cr een (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending up on the selected input, the dialog shown 
below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
4This bo x also appears during normal syst em operation, if the video cable becomes 
disconnected or damaged.
5T urn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the pr evious pr ocedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because yo ur monitor is functioning properly.
52  |  TroubleshootingBuilt-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent  problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
 NOTE: Y ou can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged 
and the monitor is in self-test mode .
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1Ensur e that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
2Unp lug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
then goes into the self-test mode.
3Pr ess and hold Button 1  on the front panel for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.
4Care fully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5Pr ess Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
6Inspect the display  for any abnormalities.
7Repeat ste ps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and text 
screens.
The test is complete when the text  screen appe ars. To exit, press Button 1  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon us ing the built-in diagnostic tool, the 
monitor is functioning properly. C heck the video card and computer.
Troubleshooting  |  53Common Problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor and the 
computer is properly connected and secure.
•Verify that the power outlet is functioning properly using 
any other electrical equipment.
•Ensure that the power button is pressed fully.
•Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input 
Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no brightness •Increase brightness & cont rast controls via OSD.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
•Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input 
Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, 
blurry, or 
ghosting•Eliminate video extension cables.
•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Change the video resolution to the correct aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery 
VideoWavy picture or fine movement •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Check environmental factors.
•Relocate the monitor and test in another room.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•Cycle power On-Off.
•Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural defect that can 
occur in LCD technology.
•For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has bright spots •Cycle power On-Off.
•Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect that can 
occur in LCD technology.
•For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .
Brightness Problems Picture too dim or too bright •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Geometric 
DistortionScreen not centered 
correctly•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Adjust horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.54  |  TroubleshootingHorizontal/
Vertical LinesScreen has one or more lines •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check and determine if 
these lines are also in self-test mode.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization 
ProblemsScreen is scrambled or 
appears torn•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the 
scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Restart the computer in the safe mode .
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of smoke or sparks •Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor malfunctions on & off•Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly and is secure.
•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the 
intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing color •Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly and is secure.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not 
good•Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the Color menu 
OSD depending on the application.
•Adjust R/G/B value under Custom Color  in Color menu 
OSD.
•Change the Input Color Format  to RGB or YPbPr in the 
Color menu OSD.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the screen•Use the Power Management feature to turn off the monitor 
at all times when not in use (for more information, see 
Power Management Modes ).
•Alternatively, use a dynamically changing screensaver.Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is centered on scre
en, but does 
not fill entire viewing area•Check the Aspect Ratio  se
 tting in the Display menu OSD.
•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust th
e monitor 
with the 
buttons on the 
front panelOSD does not ap
pear on the 
screen•T urn Off the monitor, unplug the power cord, plug it back, 
and then turn On the monitor.
No Input Signal w
hen user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, the 
LED li
ght is white•Check the signal source. Ensure the computer is not in the 
power saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•Check 
whether the signal cable is plugged in properly. Re-
plug the signal cable if necessary.
•R eset the computer or video player.
The picture 
does not
 fill the 
entire screenThe picture can
not fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•D ue to different video formats (aspect ratio) of DVDs, the 
monitor may display in full screen.
•Run t he built-in diagnostics.
Troubleshooting  |  55Product Specific ProblemsSpecific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
USB interface is 
not workingUSB peripherals are not working•Check 
that your monitor is turned On.
•Reconnect the up stream cable to your computer.
•Reconnect the USB p eripherals (downstream connector).
•S witch Off and then turn On the monitor again.•Re
boot the computer.
•S ome USB devices like external portable HDD require higher 
electric current; connect the device directly to the 
computer system.
High Speed US
B 3.0 
interface is 
slowHigh Speed USB 
3.
0 peripherals 
working slowly or 
not working at all•Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
•S ome computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and USB 1.1 ports. 
Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
•Reconnect the up stream cable to your computer.
•Reconnect the USB p eripherals (downstream connector).
•Re boot the computer.
Wireless mouse 
is
 not working 
or laggingDo not respond or responds
 
slowly•I ncrease the distance between the USB 3.0 peripherals and 
the wireless USB receiver.
•Position your wireless USB r eceiver as close as possible to 
the wireless mouse.
•U se a USB-extender cable to position the wireless USB 
receiver as far away as possible from the USB 3.0 port.
56  |  TroubleshootingUniversal Serial Bus (U SB) Specific Problems
Speakers Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
No sound 
coming from 
the speakersCannot hear any 
sound•T urn Off the monitor, unplug the monitor power cord, 
replug it, and then turn On the monitor. 
•Check the audio cable connection is connected correctly 
to the computer Audio Line Out port.
•U nplug the audio cable from the Audio Line Out port.
•R eset the monitor to factory settings.Appendix  |  57Appendix
WARNING:  Safety Instructions
 WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustment s, or procedures other than those 
specified in this documentation may result  in exposure to shock, electrical 
hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety in structions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory info rmation, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States , call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
 NOTE: If you do not have an active Inter net connection, you can find contact 
information on your purchase invoice, pa cking slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
•Online technical assistance ─ www.dell.com/support/monitors
•Contacting Dell ─ www.dell.com/contactdell
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
User’s Guide
Model No. : UP3214Q
Regulatory model: UP3214Qt
Regulatory type: UP3214Q001Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Information in this document is subject to change without notice.  
© 2013-2014 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction of these materials in any manner whatsoever without the 
written permission of Dell Inc. is strictly forbidden.
Trademarks used in this text: Dell and the DELL  logo are trademarks of 
Dell Inc.; Microsoft  and Windows  are either trademarks or registered 
trademarks of Microsoft. Corporation in the United States and/or other 
countries, Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the U.S. 
and other countries; and ATI is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, 
Inc. ENERGY STAR is a registered trademark of the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency. As an ENERGY STAR partner, Dell Inc. has determined 
that this product meets the ENERGY STAR guidelines for energy 
efficiency.
Other trademarks and trade names may be used in this document 
to refer to either the entities claiming the marks and names or their 
products. Dell Inc. disclaims any proprietary interest in trademarks and 
trade names other than its own.
2014 – 03 Rev. A01 NOTE:  A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
 CAUTION:  A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or 
loss of data if instructions are not followed.
 WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents     3Contents
1 About Your Monitor  ....................... 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Product Features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Identifying Parts and Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Monitor Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Plug and Play Capability  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
Maintenance Guidelines  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
2 Setting Up the Monitor  ................... 20
Attaching the Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
Connecting Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
Organizing the Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Attaching the Cable Cover . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Removing the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Wall Mounting (Optional)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
3 Operating the Monitor .................... 25
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Setting the Maximum Resolution  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Setting Up the DP1.2 Display  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . . 48
4 Troubleshooting  ......................... 49
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Built-in Diagnostics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
Common Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Product Specific Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Troubleshooting the Card Reader . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4    Contents5 Appendix  ................................ 58
Safety Instructions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information  .58
Contact Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
6 Setting Up Your Monitor Display ........... 59
Setting the display resolution to 3840 x 2160 (maximum)  . .59
If you have a Dell™ desktop or a Dell™ portable computer  
with internet access  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
If you have non Dell™ desktop, portable computer,  
or graphic card  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Procedures for setting up dual monitors in  
Windows Vista®, Windows® 7 or Windows® 8 . . . . . . . . 62Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor     5About Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Ensure that you have 
received all the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
 NOTE:  Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor. 
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
 NOTE:  To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective stand 
setup guide for setup instructions.
• Monitor
• Stand
• Cable CoverDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6    About Your Monitor
• Power cable (varies by 
countries)
• DisplayPort cable (Mini-
DP to DP)
• USB 3.0 upstream cable 
(enables the USB ports 
on the monitor)
 UP3214
Q Ult
raShar
p Monit
orDell™
P/N 8FH9
F Rev. A00P/N 90.7V
739.0
01Octob
er 2013Made in
 Chin
a
• Drivers and 
Documentation media
• Quick Setup Guide
• Product and Safety 
Information Guide
•  Factory Calibration 
Report
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor (Model # UP3214Q) has an active matrix, 
thinfilm transistor (TFT), liquid crystal display (LCD), and LED backlight. The 
monitor features include:
• 80.1 cm (31.5-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) 3840 x 2160 
resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Tilt, swivel and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
• Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 
100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor     7• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen 
optimization.
• Software and documentation media includes an information file (INF), 
Image color Matching File (ICM), Dell Display Manager software application 
and product documentation. Dell Display Manager included (comes in the 
CD attached with the monitor).
• Security lock slot.
• Asset Management Capability.
• Energy Star Compliant.
• EPEAT Gold Compliant.
• RoHS compliant.
• BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding cables).
• Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury Free for Panel only.
• Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in 
real time.
• TCO Certified Displays.
Identifying Parts and Controls
Front View
1
2
Front view Front panel controls
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8    About Your MonitorBack View
1
2
3
456
7
Back view Back view with monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes (100 
mm x 100 mm - behind 
attached VESA Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 
100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable 
lock.
4 Barcode serial number label Refer to this label if you need to 
contact Dell for technical support.
5 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
6 USB downstream port with 
battery chargingConnect your USB device. You can 
only use this connector after you 
have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB upstream 
connector on the monitor.
7 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them 
through the slot.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor     9Side View
Card Reader Slot
Bottom View
12 34567 7
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
2 DisplayPort in 
connectorConnect your computer with DP cable.
3 Mini DisplayPort in 
connectorConnect your computer with Mini DP to DP 
cable.
4 HDMI connector Connect your computer with HDMI cable.
5 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that comes with your 
monitor to the computer. Once this cable is 
connected, you can use the USB downstream 
connectors on the monitor.
6 USB downstream ports Connect your USB device. You can only use 
this connector after you have connected 
the USB cable to the computer and USB 
upstream connector on the monitor.
7 Dell Soundbar 
mounting slotsAttaches the optional Dell Soundbar. (Sealed 
by removable plastic sheets)
NOTE: Dell soundbar is sold separately.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10    About Your MonitorMonitor Specifications
Flat panel Specifications
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel type In Plane Switching
Viewable image dimensions
Diagonal
Horizontal
Vertical80.1 cm (31.5-inches viewable image size)
697.9 mm (27.5 inches)
392.6 mm (15.5 inches)
Pixel pitch 0.182 mm
Viewing angle 176° (vertical) typ, 176° (horizontal) typ
Luminance output 350 cd/m² (typ)
Contrast ratio 1000:1 (typ)
Faceplate coating Antiglare with hard-coating 3H
Backlight LED edge light system
Response Time 8 ms typical
Color depth 1.0737 B (10 Bits)
Color gamut (Typical) 100% (sRGB) 99% (Adobe RGB)
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 140 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range 24 Hz to 75 Hz (automatic)
Maximum resolution 3840x2160 at 60Hz DP1.2*
3840x2160 at 30Hz HDMI
* To display 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz, DP1.2 must be enabled and the DP source’s 
graphics card must be DP1.2 certified with MST feature, capable of supporting 
resolution up to 3840 x 2160 at 60Hz and its driver supports DisplayID v1.3. 
Video Supported Modes
Video display capabilities (HDMI playback) 480p, 576p, 720p and 1080p
Preset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical)
720 x 400 31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
640 x 480 31.5 60.0 25.2 -/-Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor     11640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
800 x 600 37.9 60.0 40.0 +/+
800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 800 49.3 60.0 71.0 +/+
1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
1600 x 1200 67.5 60.0 148.5 -/+
1920 x 1200 74.6 60.0 193.5 -/+
2048 x 1280 - R 78.9 60.0 174.3 +/-
2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
3840 x 2160 54.0 24.0 297.0 +/+
3840 x 2160 67.5 30.0 297.0 +/+
3840 x 2160 60 Hz (DP source only)*
* To display 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz, DP1.2 must be enabled and the DP source’s 
graphics card must be DP1.2 certified with MST feature, capable of supporting 
resolution up to 3840 x 2160 at 60Hz and its driver supports DisplayID v1.3. 
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals Digital video signal for each differential line, 
predifferential line at 100 ohm impedance. DP1.2/
HDMI1.4 signal input support
AC input voltage/
frequency/current100 to 240 VAC/50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz/1.8 A (Max.)
Inrush current 120 V:30 A (Max.)
240 V:60 A (Max.)
Physical Characteristics
Connector type DisplayPort connector.
Mini DisplayPort connector.
HDMI connector.
USB 3.0 update stream port connector.
USB 3.0 down stream port connector x 4.
(Port with 
  lightning icon is for BC 1.2)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12    About Your MonitorSignal cable type DisplayPort to Mini DisplayPort 1.8 M cable.
USB 3.0 1.8 M cable.
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 572.4 mm (22.5 inches)
Height (compressed) 482.6 mm (19.0 inches)
Width 749.9 mm (29.5 inches)
Depth 214.0 mm (8.4 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 444.6 mm (17.5 inches)
Width 749.9 mm (29.5 inches)
Depth 51.5 mm (2.0 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 418.1 mm (16.5 inches)
Height (compressed) 381.8 mm (15.0 inches)
Width 250.0 mm (9.8 inches)
Depth 214.0 mm (8.4 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 16.05 kg (35.38 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cables12.15 kg (26.79 lb)
Weight without stand assembly 
(For wall mount or VESA mount 
considerations - no cables)9.22 kg (20.33 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.55 kg (5.62 lb)
Front frame gloss Black Frame - 5.0 gloss unit (max.)
Environmental Characteristics
Temperature
Operating 0 °C to 35 °C
Non-operating Storage: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Shipping: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Humidity
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating Storage: 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Shipping: 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
AltitudeDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor     13Operating 5,000 m (16,400 ft) max
Non-operating 12,191 m (40,000 ft) max
Thermal dissipation 580.21 BTU/hour (maximum)
341.30 BTU/hour (typical)
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA’s DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in 
your PC, the monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when 
not in use. This is referred to as Power Save Mode*. If the computer detects 
input from keyboard, mouse, or other input devices, the monitor automatically 
resumes functioning. The following table shows the power consumption and 
signaling of this automatic power saving feature:
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
SyncVideoPower 
IndicatorPower 
Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White100 W 
(typical)/170 W 
(maximum)
Active-Off 
modeInactive Inactive OffGlowing 
WhiteLess than 1.2 W
Switch Off - - - Off Less than 0.5 W
The OSD will only function in the normal operation mode. When any button is 
pressed in Active-Off mode, the following message will be displayed:
Dell UP321 4Q
There is no signal coming from your computer . Press any key on th e
keyboard or move the mouse to wake it up. If there is no displa y, press
the monitor button now to select the correct input source on th e
On-Screen- Display menu.
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE:  This monitor is ENERGY STAR®-compliant.  
 NOTE:  Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by 
disconnecting the main cable from the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14    About Your MonitorPin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector (DP in and DP out)
Pin Number 20-pin Side of the 
monitor connectorPin Number 20-pin Side of the 
monitor connector
1 ML0(p) 11 GND
2 GND 12 ML3(n)
3 ML0(n) 13 GND
4 ML1(p) 14 GND
5 GND 15 AUX(p)
6 ML1(n) 16 GND
7 ML2(p) 17 AUX(n)
8 GND 18 HPD
9 ML2(n) 19 DP_PWR Return
10 ML3(p) 20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
Mini DisplayPort Connector
Pin Number 20-pin Side of the 
monitor connectorPin Number 20-pin Side of the 
monitor connector
1 GND 11 ML2(p)
2 Hot Plug Detect 12 ML0(p)
3 ML3(n) 13 GND
4 GND 14 GND
5 ML3(n) 15 ML1(n)
6 GND 16 AUX(p)
7 GND 17 ML1(p)
8 GND 18 AUX(n)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor     159 ML2(n) 19 GND
10 ML0(p) 20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
19-pin HDMI Connector
Pin Number 19-pin Side of the 
monitor connectorPin Number 19-pin Side of the 
monitor connector
1 TMDS DATA 2+ 11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD 12 TMDS CLOCK-
3 TMDS DATA 2- 13 Floating
4 TMDS DATA 1+ 14 Floating
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD 15 DDC CLOCK (SDA)
6 TMDS DATA 1- 16 DDC DATA (SDA)
7 TMDS DATA 0+ 17 GROUND
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD 18 +5 V POWER
9 TMDS DATA 0- 19 HOT PLUG DETECT
10 TMDS CLOCK
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the 
back and bottom of your monitor.
 NOTE:  The USB ports on this monitor are USB 3.0 compliant.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption
Super Speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
Full Speed 12 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
 NOTE:  Up to 1.5 A on USB downstream port (port 
  with 
lightning icon) with BC 1.2 compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 3 
USB downstream ports.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16    About Your MonitorUSB Upstream Connector
Pin Number Signal Name
1 VBUS
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 StdB_SSTX-
6 StdB_SSTX+
7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdB_SSRX-
9 StdB_SSRX+
Shell ShieldUSB Downstream Connector
Pin Number Signal Name
1 VBUS
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield
USB ports
• 1 upstream - bottom
• 4 downstream - 1 at back, 3 at bottom
Power Charging Port - the one on the rear cover (Port with 
  
lightning icon); supports fast current charging capability if the device 
is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  USB 3.0 functionality requires a USB 3.0 compatible computer and 
devices.
 NOTE:  For computers running Windows® 7 must have Service Pack 1 
(SP1) installed. The monitor’s USB interface works only when the monitor 
is On or in Power Save Mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then turn it 
On, the attached peripherals may take a few seconds to resume normal 
functionality.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor     17Card Reader Specifications
Overview
• The Flash Memory Card Reader is a USB storage device that allows users to 
read and write information from and into the memory card.
• The Flash Memory Card Reader is automatically recognized by Microsoft ® 
Windows ® Vista, Windows ® 7  Service Pack (SP1) and Windows ® 8/
Windows ® 8.1.
• Once installed and recognized, memory card (slot) appears drive letter.
• All standard file operations (copy, delete, drag-and-drop, etc.) can be 
performed with this drive.
 NOTE:  Install the Card Reader driver (provided in the Drivers and 
Documentation Media CD that comes with the monitor) to ensure memory 
cards are detected properly when inserted into the card slot.
Features
The Flash Memory Card Reader has the following features:
• Supports Microsoft ® Windows ® Vista, Windows ® 7  Service Pack (SP1) and 
Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1 operating systems.
• Mass Storage Class device (No drivers are required under Microsoft ® 
Windows ® Vista, Windows ® 7  Service Pack (SP1) and Windows ® 8/
Windows ® 8.1).
• Supports various memory card media.
The following table lists the memory cards supported:
Slot Number Flash memory cards type
1MS Pro HG, High Speed Memory Stick (HSMS), Memory 
Stick PRO (MSPRO), Memory Stick Duo (w Adapter), 
MS Duo Secure Digital (Mini-SD), Secure Digital Card, Mini 
Secure Digital (w Adaptor), TransFlash (SD, including SDHC), 
MultiMediaCard (MMC)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18    About Your MonitorMaximum Card Capacity Supported by the UP3214Q card reader
Card type Support SpecificationSupport Maximum 
Capacity by Spec.UP3214Q
MS Pro HGMemory Stick Pro-HG 
Support USB 3.0 speed32 GB Supported
MS DuoMemory Stick Duo 
Specification32 GB Supported
SDSD Memory Card 
support USB 3.0 speed1 TB Supported
MMCMulti Media Card 
System Specification32 GB Supported
General
Connection typeUSB 2.0/3.0 High Speed Device (USB High Speed 
Device compatible)
Supported OSMicrosoft ® Windows ® Vista, Windows ® 7  Service Pack 
(SP1) and Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1
Plug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The 
monitor automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display 
Identification Data (EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) protocols so 
that the system can configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most 
monitor installations are automatic; you can select different settings if desired. 
For more information about changing the monitor settings, see Operating the 
Monitor .
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one 
or more pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see 
and do not affect the display quality or usability. For more information on Dell 
Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor     19Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
 WARNING:  Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the 
monitor.
 WARNING:  Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable 
from the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, 
cleaning, or handling your monitor:
• To clean your antistatic screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with 
water. If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution 
suitable for the antistatic coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, 
ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the 
monitor.
• If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off 
with a cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as dark-colored monitors may scratch 
and show white scuff marks more than light-colored monitors. 
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a 
dynamically changing screen saver and turn Off your monitor when 
not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20    Setting Up the MonitorSetting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
 NOTE:  The stand is detached from the monitor when it is shipped from  the 
factory.
 NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other  stand 
is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the  set up 
instructions.
To attach the monitor stand:
1. Remove the cover and place the monitor on it.
2. Fit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the  
back of the monitor.
3. Press the stand till it snaps into its place.
Connecting Your Monitor
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section,  follow 
the Safety Instructions .
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1. Turn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2. Connect the black HDMI cable (optional) or the DP (DisplayPort) cable  
to the corresponding video port on the back of your computer.  
Do not use all the cables on the same computer.  
Use all of the cables only when they are connected to different  
computers with appropriate video systems.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor     21Connecting the black DisplayPort (or miniDP) cable
DPor
Connecting the black HDMI Cable (Optional)
HDMI
Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
After you have completed connecting the DP/mini DP/HDMI cable, follow the 
procedure below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and complete 
your monitor setup:
1. Connect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to an appropriate USB 
3.0 port on your computer. (See Bottom View  for details.)
2. Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the downstream USB 3.0 ports on the 
monitor.
3. Plug the power cables for your computer and monitor into a nearby outlet.
4. Turn On the monitor and the computer.  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not 
display an image, see Troubleshooting .
5. Use the cable slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22    Setting Up the Monitor
USB
 CAUTION:  The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. 
Appearance of the computer may vary.
Organizing the Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See 
Connecting Your Monitor  for cable attachment,) use the cable management 
slot to organize all cables as shown above.
Attaching the Cable Cover
12Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor     23Removing the Stand
 NOTE:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the stand, 
ensure that the monitor is placed on a clean surface.
 NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand 
is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up 
instructions.
To remove the stand:
1. Place the monitor on a flat surface.
2. Press and hold the stand release button.
3. Lift the stand up and away from the monitor.
Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24    Setting Up the MonitorRefer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting 
kit.
1. Place the monitor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on stable flat table.
2. Remove the stand.
3. Use a screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the plastic cover.
4. Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5. Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that came with 
the wall mounting kit.
 NOTE: For use only with UL Listed Wall Mount Bracket with minimum 
weight/load bearing capacity of 9.22 kg.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     25Operating the Monitor
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics 
of the image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, 
an OSD shows the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
Preset Modes
Brightness/Contrast
Input Source
Menu
Exit11
2
3
4
5
6
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front panel button Description
1
Shortcut key/ 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key/
Brightness/
ContrastUse this button to directly access the Brightness/
Contrast  menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26    Operating the Monitor3
Input SourceUse the Input Source  button to select between 
different video signals that may be connected to 
your monitor.
• DisplayPort input
• Mini DisplayPort input
• HDMI input
Displays the source selection bar. Press 
  and 
  
buttons to move between the setting options and 
press 
  to select the input source you want.
4
MenuUse the Menu  button to launch the on-screen 
display (OSD) and select the OSD Menu. See 
Accessing the Menu System .
5
ExitUse the Exit button to go back to the main menu 
or exit the OSD main menu.
6
Power (with power 
light indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and 
Off.
The white LED indicates the monitor is On and 
fully functional.
A glowing white LED indicates DPMS Power Save 
Mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     27Front Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
1
2
3
4Front Panel 
ButtonDescription
1
UpUse the Up button to adjust (increase 
ranges) items in the OSD menu.
2
DownUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease 
ranges) items in the OSD menu.
3
OKUse the OK button to confirm your 
selection.
4
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the 
previous menu.
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
 NOTE:  If you change the settings and then either proceed to another menu 
or exit the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those changes. The 
changes are also saved if you change the settings and then wait for the 
OSD menu to disappear.
1. Press the Menu  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main 
menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28    Operating the MonitorDell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30Hz5050Color SettingsDisplay SettingsPBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
2. Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between the setting options. As 
you move from one icon to another, the option name is highlighted. See 
the following table for a complete list of all the options available for the 
monitor.
3. Press the 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
4. Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
5. Press the 
  button to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  
button, according to the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6. Press the 
  button once to return to the main menu to select another 
option or press the 
  button two or three times to exit from the OSD 
menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     29IconMenu and 
SubmenusDescription
Energy Use This meter shows the energy level being 
consumed by the monitor in real time.
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  
adjustment.
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30Hz5050Color SettingsDisplay SettingsPBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the 
  button to increase brightness and 
press the 
  button to decrease brightness (min 0 
~ max 100).
NOTE:  Manual adjustment of Brightness  is 
disabled when Dynamic Contrast  is switched On 
and when Preset Modes  is set to CAL1  or CAL2 .
Contrast Adjust Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  
only if further adjustment is necessary.
Press the 
  button to increase contrast and press 
the 
  button to decrease contrast (min 0 ~ max 
100).
The Contrast  function adjusts the degree of 
difference between darkness and lightness on the 
monitor screen.
NOTE:  Manual adjustment of Contrast  is disabled 
when Preset Modes  is set to CAL1  or CAL2 .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30    Operating the Monitor
Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between 
different video signals that may be connected to 
your monitor.
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsScan Sources
DisplayPortMini DisplayPort
HDMIDisplay Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Scan Sources Select Scan Sources  to scan for available input 
signals.
DisplayPort Select DisplayPort  input when you are using the 
DisplayPort (DP) connector. Press the 
  button to 
select the DisplayPort input source.
Mini 
DisplayPortSelect Mini DisplayPort  input when you are using 
the Mini DisplayPort (DP) connector. Press the 
  
button to select the Mini DisplayPort input source.
HDMI Select HDMI  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector. Press the 
  button to select the HDMI 
input source.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     31
Color Settings Use the Color Settings  menu to adjust the 
monitor’s color settings.
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsInput Color Forma t
Gamma
Preset ModesZonal Color Space
Reset Color SettingsRGB
PCStandardOﬀ
Display Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Contrast (2)
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
• RGB:  Select this option if your monitor is 
connected to a computer or DVD player using 
the HDMI or DP/Mini DP cable.
• YPbPr:  Select this option if your DVD player 
supports only YPbPr output.
Gamma Allows you to set the Gamma to PC or MAC .
Preset Modes Allows you to choose from a list of preset color 
modes.
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/ContrastInput Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsInput Color Forma t
Zonal Color Space
Reset Color SettingsContrast (2)Display Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Standard
Gamma
Preset Modes Movie
Game
PaperColor T emp.
Color SpaceCustom ColorMultimediaDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32    Operating the Monitor• Standard:  Loads the monitor’s default color 
settings. This is the default preset mode.
• Multimedia:  Loads color settings ideal for 
multimedia applications. Applies to HDMI 
input with CEA timing (YUV color domain) 
only.
• Movie:  Loads color settings ideal for movies. 
Applies to HDMI input with CEA timing (YUV 
color domain) only.
• Game:  Loads color settings ideal for most 
gaming applications.
• Paper:  Loads brightness and sharpness 
settings ideal for viewing text. Blend the text 
background to simulate paper media without 
affecting color images. Applies to RGB input 
format only.
• Color Temp.:  The screen appears warmer with 
a red/yellow tint with slider set at 5,000K or 
cooler with blue tint with slider set at 10,000K.
• Color Space:  Allows users to select the color 
space: Adobe RGB , sRGB , CAL1 , CAL2 .
 –Adobe RGB:  This mode is compatible with 
Adobe RGB (99% coverage).
 –sRGB:  Emulates 100% sRGB.
 –CAL1/CAL2:  User calibrated preset mode 
using Dell Ultrasharp Color Calibration 
Software or other Dell approved software. 
Dell Ultrasharp Color Calibration Software 
works with the X-rite colorimeter i1Display 
Pro. The i1Display Pro can be purchased 
from the Dell Electronics, Software and 
Accessories website.
NOTE:  Accuracy of sRGB , Adobe RGB , CAL1  and 
CAL2  are optimized for RGB input color format. 
For optimal color accuracy of sRGB and Adobe 
RGB, turn Uniformity Compensation  to Off.
NOTE:  Factory Reset  will remove all calibrated 
data in CAL1  and CAL2 .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     33• Custom Color:  Allows you to manually adjust 
the color settings. Press the 
  and 
  buttons 
to adjust the Red, Green, and Blue values and 
create your own preset color mode.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to select the Gain, 
Offset, Hue, Saturation.
 –Gain:  Select it to adjust input RGB signal 
gain level (default value are 100).
 –Offset:  Select it to adjust RGB black-level 
offset value (default value are 50) to control 
your monitor base color.
 –Hue:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY hue value 
individually (default value are 50).
 –Saturation:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY 
saturation value individually (default value 
are 50).
Zonal Color 
SpaceAllows you to display different color spaces on the 
left and right half of the screen. When Zonal Color 
Space  is On, the right half retains the current 
selected color space. You can select the color 
space of the left half with options on the list.
• Off: Disables zonal color space feature.
• Adobe RGB:  This mode is compatible with 
Adobe RGB (99% coverage).
• sRGB:  Emulates 100% sRGB.
• CAL1/CAL2:  User calibrated preset mode 
using Dell Ultrasharp Color Calibration 
Software or other Dell approved software. Dell 
Ultrasharp Color Calibration Software works 
with the X-rite colorimeter i1Display Pro. The 
i1Display Pro can be purchased from the Dell 
Electronics, Software and Accessories website.
NOTE:  When Zonal Color Space  is turned on, the 
left side of the screen will adopt the brightness 
setting of the right side. Furthermore the factory 
Uniformity Compensation  and Dynamic Contrast  
will be disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34    Operating the MonitorNOTE:  To ensure optimal color accuracy it is 
not recommended to adjust the Contrast  or 
Brightness  settings after calibrating CAL1  and 
CAL2 . It is recommended to calibrate CAL1  and 
CAL2  to the same desired luminance level before 
turning on Zonal Color Space .
Contrast (2) Allows you to adjust the contrast on the left side 
of the screen when Zonal Color Space  or/and PBP 
Mode  is turned on.
Border Allows you to turn the blue border Off or On. The 
border is to indicate the section of the screen that 
may be in a different color space.
Hue This feature can shift color of video image to 
green or purple. This is used to adjust the desired 
flesh tone color. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the hue 
from ‘0’ to ‘100’ .
Press 
  to increase the green shade of the video 
image.
Press 
  to increase the purple shade of the video 
image.
NOTE:  Hue adjustment is available only for Movie 
and Game mode.
Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the 
video image. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the saturation 
from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Press 
  to increase the monochrome appearance 
of the video image.
Press 
  to increase the colorful appearance of the 
video image.
NOTE:  Saturation adjustment is available only for 
video input.
Reset Color 
SettingsResets your monitor’s color settings to the factory 
defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     35
Display 
SettingsUse the Display Settings  to adjust image.
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsAspect Ratio 16:9
50
DisableDynamic Contrast
Uniformity Compensation
DisplayPort 1.2
Display Info
Reset Display SettingsDisplay Settings
PBP Settings
Energy Settings
Menu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Sharpness
Noise Reduction
Oﬀ
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9 , Auto Resize , 
4:3, or 1:1.
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or 
softer. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from 
‘0’ to ‘100’.
Noise 
ReductionImprove the motion picture quality by reducing 
noise on image edge.
Dynamic 
ContrastDynamic Contrast  adjusts the contrast ratio to 
2,000,000 : 1.
Press the 
  button to select the Dynamic 
Contrast  “On” or “Off”.
Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you 
choose Game mode and Movie mode.
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen brightness and color uniformity 
compensation settings. Calibrated  is factory 
calibrated setting by default.
Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different 
areas of the screen with respect to the center to 
achieve uniform brightness and color over the 
entire screen. For optimal screen performance, 
Brightness and Contrast for some preset modes 
(Standard, Color Temp.) will be disabled when 
Uniformity Compensation  is turned On.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36    Operating the MonitorDisplayPort 1.2 Press the 
  button to enable or disable 
DisplayPort 1.2. To use the HBR2 feature, enable 
DP1.2 to get 3840 x 2160, 60 Hz. See Setting Up 
the DP1.2 Display  for more information.
NOTE:  Ensure that your Graphics Card can support 
these features before selecting DP1.2. Wrong 
settings may result in blank screen. Some Graphics 
Cards do not support MCCS (Monitor Control 
Command Set) at DP1.2. In these cases, DDM (Dell 
Display Manager) may not run.
NOTE:  Ensure that your graphics card driver 
can support DP1.2 with MST feature, capable of 
displaying 3840 x 2160 at 60Hz and its driver 
supports DisplayID v1.3, or the display may not 
show correctly. 
Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
Reset Display 
SettingsSelect this option to restore default display 
settings.
PBP Settings This function brings up a window displaying image 
from another input source. Thus you can watch 
two images from different sources at the same 
time.
Right-Window 
(select from input 
Source)Left–window (select from 
PBP source)
Mini DP DP HDMI
Mini DP x x √
DP x x √
HDMI √ √ xDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     37PBP submenu when PBP On
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsPBP Mode
SizeDisplayPort
Display Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy Settings
Menu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Fill
Resolution: -
PBP submenu when PBP Off
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/ContrastInput Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsPBP Mode Oﬀ
Display Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy Settings
Menu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
PBP Mode To turn On or Off Picture by Picture (PBP).
Size Select the PBP window size.
• Aspect Ratio:  Adjust the image ratio of PBP 
mode according video input.
• Fill: Full screen of PBP modeDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38    Operating the Monitor
Energy Settings Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsUSB Oﬀ During StandbyOn During Active
OnPower Button LED
Monitor sleep
Reset Energy Settings Display Settings
PBP Settings
Energy Settings
Menu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or 
Off.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function 
during monitor standby mode.
NOTE:  USB ON/OFF under standby mode is 
only available when the USB upstream cable is 
unplugged. This option will be greyed out when 
the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Monitor Sleep Allow you to set Monitor sleep On or Off. 
Reset Energy 
SettingsSelect this option to restore default Energy 
Settings .
Menu Settings Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/ContrastInput Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsLanguage
20
20 s
UnlockTransparenc y
Timer
Lock
Reset Menu SettingsEnglish
Display Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy Settings
Menu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     39Language Language option to set the OSD display to one of 
eight languages (English, Spanish, French, German, 
Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese 
or Japanese).
Transparency This function is used to change the OSD 
background from opaque to transparent.
Timer Sets the length of time the OSD will remain active 
after the last time you pressed a button.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1 
second increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock  
is  selected, no user adjustments are allowed. All 
buttons are locked.
NOTE:   
Lock  function – Either soft lock (through OSD 
menu) or hard lock (Press and hold the button 
above power button for 10 sec)
Unlock  function – Only hard unlock (Press and 
hold the button above power button for 10 sec)
Reset Menu 
SettingsSelect this option to restore default Menu  settings.
Other Settings Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such 
as the DDC/CI, LCD Conditioning, and so on.
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsButton Sound
DDC/CI Enable
Disable
Reset All SettingsLCD Conditioning
Reset Other Settings
Factor y ResetOﬀ
Display Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Auto Rotat eO n
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40    Operating the MonitorButton Sound The monitor beeps every time a new option is 
selected in the menu. This button enables or 
disables the sound.
Auto Rotate This display is equipped with an orientation sensor. 
Rotating the display from Landscape to Portrait (in 
wall mount) will automatically trigger the OSD to 
be rotated accordingly.
If Dell Display Manager (DDM) is installed and with 
suitable PC graphics card, the screen content will 
also be rotated accordingly.
Set Auto Rotate  to Off to disable this feature.
DDC/CI DDC/CI (Display Data Channel/Command 
Interface) allows your monitor parameters 
(brightness, color balance etc) to be adjustable via 
software on your computer. You can disable this 
feature by selecting Disable .
Enable this feature for best user experience and 
optimum performance of your monitor.
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsButton Sound
Auto Rotat e
LCD Conditioning
Reset Other Settings
Factor y Reset Reset All SettingsDisplay Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
DDC/CI
 Enable
Disable
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     41LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. 
Depending on the degree of image retention, 
the program may take some time to run. You can 
enable this feature by selecting Enable .
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsButton Sound
Auto Rotat e
Reset Other Settings
Factor y Reset Reset All SettingsDisplay Settings
PBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
DDC/CI
Enable
Disable
LCD Conditioning
Reset Other 
SettingsSelect this option to restore default other settings, 
such as DDC/CI.
Factory Reset Reset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.
Personalize User can select from Preset Modes , Brightness/
Contrast , Input Source , Aspect Ratio , PBP Mode  
and set as shortcut key.
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsShortcut Key 1
Shortcut Key 2B rightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e Shortcut Key 3
Reset Personalizatio nPreset Modes
Display SettingsPBP SettingsEnergy SettingsMenu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Reset 
PersonalizationAllows you to restore shortcut key to the default 
setting.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42    Operating the MonitorOSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game 
or Movie), the manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
To allow manual adjustment of brightness, the Dynamic Contrast 
will be switched oﬀ.
Do you want to continue?Dell UP3214 Q
YesNo
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode you will see 
the following message:
Dell UP321 4Q
The current input timing is not supported by the monitor displa y. Please
change your input timing to 3840x2160 @ 30/60Hz or any other monitor
listed timing as per the monitor speciﬁcations.
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is 
receiving from the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and 
Vertical frequency ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 
3840 x 2160.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled.
Dell UP321 4Q
The function of adjusting display setting using PC application 
will be disabled.Do you wish to disable DDC/CI function?
No
YesDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     43When monitor enters Power Save Mode , the following message appears:
Dell UP321 4Q
Entering Power Save Mode
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD . 
If you press any button other than the power button, one of the following 
messages will appear depending on the selected input:
Dell UP321 4Q
There is no signal coming from your computer . Press any key on th e
keyboard or move the mouse to wake it up. If there is no displa y, press
the monitor button now to select the correct input source on th e
On-Screen- Display menu.
If either HDMI, DP or m-DP input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
Dell UP321 4Q
No DisplayPort Cable
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes.
www .dell.com/support/monitors
or
Dell UP321 4Q
No Mini DisplayPort Cable
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes.
www .dell.com/support/monitors
orDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44    Operating the MonitorDell UP321 4Q
No HDMI Cable
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes.
www .dell.com/support/monitors
See Troubleshooting  for more information.
Setting the Maximum Resolution
In Windows Vista ®, Windows ® 7 Service Pack (SP1) or Windows ® 8/ 
Windows ® 8.1:
1. For Windows ® 8/ Windows ® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3. Click the Dropdown list of the Screen resolution and select 3840 x 2160 .
4. Click OK.
If you do not see 3840 x 2160 as an option, you may need to update your 
graphics driver. Depending on your computer, complete one of the following 
procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
• Go to www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell computer (portable or desktop):
• Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest 
graphic drivers.
• Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic 
drivers.
  NOTE:  It may be necessary to adjust the font size when using the maxi -
mum resolution in this Display. To change the font size go to (Windows ® 7 and 
Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1): 
Control Panel > Appearance and Personalization > Display  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     45Setting Up the DP1.2 Display
The default out of factory setting in the UP3214Q is DP1.1a.
To enable 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz, ensure the graphics card of the DP source is 
DP1.2 certified with MST feature, capable of supporting resolution up to 3840 
x 2160 at 60 Hz, and its driver supports DisplayID v1.3, then change the DP 
setting to DP1.2 by performing the below steps: 
A) Monitor is able to show content
1. Use OSD button to navigate to Display Settings .
Dell UP321 4Q
Brightness/Contrast
Input Sourc e
Resolution: 3840x2160 , 30HzColor SettingsAspect Ratio 16:9
50
DisableDynamic Contrast
Uniformity Compensation
DisplayPort 1.2
Display Info
Reset Display SettingsDisplay Settings
PBP Settings
Energy Settings
Menu Settings
Other Settings
Personaliz e
Energy Use
Sharpness
Noise Reduction
Oﬀ
2. Go to DisplayPort 1.2  selection
3. Select Enable  or Disable  accordingly
4. Follow the screen message to confirm selection of DP1.2 or DP1.1a.
Dell UP321 4Q
Please ensure your Graphics Card can support DP MST(Daisy Chain)/HBR2(Hig h
Bit Rate) before changing the monitor setting to DP1.2 .
Incorrect setting may result in blank screen on monito r.
Conﬁrm
ExitDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46    Operating the MonitorDell UP321 4Q
DP MST/HBR2 will be disabled for DP1.1a.
Conﬁrm
Exit
B) Monitor fails to show any content (blank screen)
1. Press OSD button to invoke the Input Source  OSD menu.
Preset Modes
Brightness/ContrastInput SourceMenu
Exit
2. Use the the 
  or 
  button to highlight DisplayPort  or Mini DisplayPort .
Input Source
Scan Sources
Mini DisplayPort
HDMIDisplayPort
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor     473. Press and hold the 
  button for approximately 8 sec.
4. The DisplayPort configuration message will appear:
DisplayPort 1.2?Dell UP321 4Q
Enable
Disable
5. Use the 
  button to enable DP1.2 or 
  button to exit without making any 
changes.
Repeat the above steps to change the setting back to DP 1.1a if necessary.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48    Operating the MonitorUsing the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
 NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand 
is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up 
instructions.
4° typical 
(maximum 5.5°)
21° typical 
(maximum 22°)30°
30°90 mm
 NOTE:  The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting     49Troubleshooting
 CAUTION:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow 
the Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your 
monitor is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly 
connected but the monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by 
performing the following steps:
1. Turn Off both your computer and the monitor.
2. Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer.
3. Turn On the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background) 
if the monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While 
in self-test mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the 
selected input, one of the dialog boxes shown below will continuously scroll 
through the screen.
Dell UP321 4Q
No DisplayPort Cable
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes.
www .dell.com/support/monitors
or
Dell UP321 4Q
No Mini DisplayPort Cable
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes.
www .dell.com/support/monitors
orDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50    TroubleshootingDell UP321 4Q
No HDMI Cable
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 5 minutes.
www .dell.com/support/monitors
4. This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video 
cable becomes disconnected or damaged.
5. Turn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On 
both your computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, 
check your video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning 
properly.
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the 
screen abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your 
monitor, or with your computer and video card.
 NOTE: You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is 
unplugged and the monitor is in self-test mode.
11
2
3
4
5
6Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting     51To run the built-in diagnostics:
1. Ensure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the 
screen).
2. Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The 
monitor then goes into the self-test mode.
3. Press and hold the Button 1 and Button 4 on the front panel 
simultaneously for 2 seconds. A gray screen appears.
4. Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5. Press the Button 4 on the front panel again. The color of the screen 
changes to red.
6. Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
7. Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white 
screens.
The test is complete when the white screen appears. To exit, press the Button 4 
again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic 
tool, the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52    TroubleshootingCommon Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor 
problems you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED OffNo picture • Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor and the 
computer is properly connected 
and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is 
functioning properly using any 
other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is 
depressed fully.
• Ensure that the correct input 
source is selected via the Input 
Source  menu.
• Check the Power Button LED  
option under Energy Settings  in 
OSD Menu
No Video/Power 
LED OnNo picture or 
no brightness• Increase brightness & contrast 
controls via OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in 
the video cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input 
source is selected via the Input 
Source  menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting     53Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots• Cycle power On-Off.
• Pixel that is permanently Off is a 
natural defect that can occur in 
LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell 
Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy, 
see Dell Support site at: http://
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots• Cycle power On-Off.
• Pixel that is permanently Off is a 
natural defect that can occur in 
LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell 
Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy, 
see Dell Support site at: http://
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright• Reset the monitor to Factory 
Settings .
• Adjust brightness & contrast 
controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs 
of smoke or 
sparks• Do not perform any 
troubleshooting steps.
• Contact Dell  immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions 
on & off• Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to Factory 
Settings .
• Perform monitor self-test 
feature check to determine if the 
intermittent problem occurs in 
selftest mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54    TroubleshootingMissing Color Picture missing 
color• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check.
• Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in 
the video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good• Try different color Preset Modes  in 
Color Settings  OSD.
• Change the Input Color Format  to 
RGB  or YPbPr  in the Color Settings  
OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static image 
left on the monitor 
for a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the 
static image 
displayed 
appears on the 
screen• Use the Power Management  
feature to turn Off the monitor 
at all times when not in use (for 
more information, see Power 
Management Modes ).
• Alternatively, use a dynamically 
changing screensaver.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting     55Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but does 
not fill entire 
viewing area• Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in 
Display Settings  OSD
• Reset the monitor to Factory 
Settings .
Cannot adjust 
the monitor with 
the buttons on 
the front panelOSD does not 
appear on the 
screen• Turn Off the monitor, unplug the 
power cord, plug back, and then turn 
On the monitor.
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, 
the LED light is 
white• Check the signal source. Ensure the 
Computer is not in the power saving 
mode by moving the mouse or 
pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check to make sure Video Source 
to DisplayPort or Mini DisplayPort or 
HDMI is powered and playing video 
media.
• Check whether the signal cable is 
plugged in properly. Re-plug the 
signal cable if necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.
The picture does 
not fill the entire 
screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen• Due to different video formats 
(aspect ratio) of DVDs, the monitor 
may display in full screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Unable to see 
Post-screen or 
Vbios settingMay miss the 
post screen  or 
Vbios setting 
during boot up• Disable sleep mode in monitor and 
reboot PC.
• Turn Off the Monitor Sleep  in Energy 
settings  OSD, then reboot PC to 
show the Post-screen or Vbios.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56    TroubleshootingTroubleshooting the Card Reader
 CAUTION:  Do not remove the device while reading or writing media. 
Doing so may cause loss of data or malfunction in the media.
Problem Cause Solution
Drive letter is 
not assigned. 
(Windows ® XP 
only)Conflict with 
network drive 
letter.• –  Right-click the My Computer  
icon on the desktop.
 –Click on Manage .
 –In the Computer Management 
window that appears select 
Disk Management .
 –In the list of drives that appear 
in the right panel, right-click 
the removable drive and then 
click Change Drive Letter and 
Paths .
 –Select Change , and in the 
drop-down box that appears, 
specify a drive letter for the 
removable drive.
NOTE:  While choosing the drive 
letter choose one that is not 
assigned to the mapped network 
drives.
 –Click OK, then click OK once 
again in the screen that 
appears.
Drive letter is 
assigned, but 
the media is not 
accessibleThe media needs 
reformatting.• Right-click the drive in Explorer 
and choose Format  from the 
resulting menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting     57The media has 
been ejected 
during writing or 
erasing.Displays the error 
message, “Error 
copying file or 
folder.”
Displays the error 
message, “Cannot 
write folder (folder 
name) or file (file 
name),” during 
writing, or, “Cannot 
remove folder 
(folder name) or file 
(file name),”. While 
erasing, you cannot 
write or erase in the 
same folder or file 
name.• Reinsert the media and write or 
erase again.
• Format the media for writing or 
erasing the same folder or file 
name.
Despite the 
disappearance 
of the pop-up 
window, the 
media has been 
ejected while 
the LED was 
blinking.Although the 
pop-up window 
disappears during 
writing, if you eject 
your media while 
the LED is still 
blinking, then you 
cannot complete 
your action on the 
media.• Format the media for writing or 
erasing the same folder or file 
name.
Cannot format 
or write on the 
media.Write-protect 
switch is enabled.• Verify that the write-protect 
switch of the media is unlocked.
Card reader is 
not workingUSB interface is not 
working.• Check that your monitor is 
powered On.
• Reconnect the upstream cable 
from your computer to the 
monitor.
• Reinsert the media.
• Switch Off and then turn On the 
monitor again.
• Reboot the computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58    AppendixAppendix
 WARNING: Safety Instructions
 WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those 
specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Product Information Guide.
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory
compliance website located at: http://www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
 NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find 
contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell 
product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be 
available in your area. To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer 
service issues:
1. Visit http://www.dell.com/support/ .
2. Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region dropdown 
menu at the bottom of the page.
3. Click Contact Us on the left side of the page.
4. Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
5. Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     59Setting Up Your Monitor Display
Setting the display resolution to 3840 x 2160 
(maximum)
For maximum display performance while using the Microsoft Windows 
operating systems, set the display resolution to 3840 x 2160 pixels by 
performing the following steps:
In Windows XP®:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Properties .
2. Select the Settings  tab.
3. Move the slider-bar to the right by pressing and holding the left-mouse 
button and adjust the screen resolution to 3840 x 2160.
4. Click OK.
In Windows Vista ®, Windows ® 7 and Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
2. Click Change Display Settings .
3. Move the slider-bar to the right by pressing and holding the left-mouse 
button and adjust the screen resolution to 3840 x 2160.
4. Click OK.
If you do not see 3840 x 2160 as an option, you may need to update your 
graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the 
computer system you are using, and follow the provided directions:
1: If you have a Dell™ desktop or a Dell™ portable computer with internet 
access .
2: If you have non Dell™ desktop, portable computer, or graphic card .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60    Setting Up Your Monitor DisplayIf you have a Dell™ desktop or a Dell™ portable 
computer with internet access
1. Go to http://www.dell.com/support/ , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card.
2. After installing the drivers for your Graphics Adapter, attempt to set the 
resolution to 3840 x 2160 again.
 NOTE:  If you are unable to set the resolution to 3840 x 2160, please 
contact Dell™ to inquire about a Graphics Adapter that supports these 
resolutions.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     61If you have non Dell™ desktop, portable 
computer, or graphic card
In Windows XP ®:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Properties .
2. Select the Settings  tab.
3. Select Advanced .
4. Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of 
the window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).
5. Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
http://www.ATI.com  OR http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
6. After installing the drivers for your Graphics Adapter, attempt to set the 
resolution to 3840 x 2160 again.
In Windows Vista ®, Windows ® 7 or Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
2. Click Change Display Settings .
3. Click Advanced Settings .
4. Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of 
the window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).
5. Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
http://www.ATI.com  OR http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
6. After installing the drivers for your Graphics Adapter, attempt to set the 
resolution to 3840 x 2160 again.
 NOTE:  If you are unable to set the resolution to 3840 x 2160, please 
contact the manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a 
graphics adapter that will support the video resolution of 3840 x 2160.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62    Setting Up Your Monitor DisplayProcedures for setting up dual monitors in 
Windows Vista ®, Windows ® 7 or Windows ® 8/
Windows ® 8.1
Content
(a) For Windows Vista ®
(b) For Windows ® 7
(c) For Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1
(d) Setting Display Styles For Multiple Monitor
(a) For Windows Vista ®
Connect the external monitor(s) to your laptop or desktop using a video 
cable (DP, HDMI etc.) and follow any of the below setup method.
Method 1: Using keyboard shortcut “Win+P”
1. Press the Windows logo key  + P on your keyboard.  
2. While holding down the Windows logo key , press P to toggle between 
the display selections.
Method 2: Using the “Personalize”
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Personalize .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     63
2. Click Display Settings .
3. Click Identify Monitors .
 You may need to restart your system and repeat steps 1 to 3 if the 
system does not detect the added monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  64    Setting Up Your Monitor Display
(b) For Windows ® 7
Connect the external monitor(s) to your laptop or desktop using a video 
cable (DP, HDMI etc.) and follow any of the below setup method.
Method 1: Using keyboard shortcut “Win+P”
1. Press the Windows logo key  + P on your keyboard.  
2. While holding down the Windows logo key , press P to toggle between 
the display selections.
Method 2: Using the “Screen Resolution” menu
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen resolution .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     65
2. Click Multiple displays  to choose a display selection. If you do not see 
the additional monitor listed, click Detect .
 You may need to restart your system and repeat steps 1 to 2 if the 
system does not detect the added monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  66    Setting Up Your Monitor Display(c) For Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1
Connect the external monitor(s) to your laptop or desktop using a video 
cable (DP, HDMI etc.) and follow any of the below setup method.
Method 1: Using keyboard shortcut “Win+P”
1. Press the Windows logo key  + P on your keyboard.  
2. While holding down the Windows logo key , press P to toggle between 
the display selections.
Method 2: Using the “Screen Resolution” menu
1. From the Start  screen, select Desktop  tile to switch to the Classic 
Windows desktop.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     67
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen resolution .
3. Click Multiple displays  to choose a display selection. If you do not see 
the additional monitor listed, click Detect .
 You may need to restart your system and repeat steps 1 to 3 if the 
system does not detect the added monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  68    Setting Up Your Monitor Display
2.DELL UP3214QDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     69(d) Setting Display Styles For Multiple Monitor
After the external monitor(s) have been set up, users can select the desired 
display style from Multiple displays menu: Duplicate, Extend, Show Desktop 
On.
 NOTE:  Please optimize the size of the icons and fonts on multiple monitors 
to suit the user preference.
 Duplicate these displays: Duplicate the same screen on two monitors 
with the same resolution, chosen based on the monitor with a lower 
resolution.
(i) For Windows Vista ®
[DUPLICATE NOT AVAILABLE]
(ii) For Windows ® 7
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  70    Setting Up Your Monitor Display(iii) For Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1
 Extend these displays:  This option is recommended when an external 
monitor is connected to a laptop, and each monitor can display different 
screen independently to improve user convenience. The relative position 
of the screens can be set up here, for example monitor 1 may be set up 
to be to the left of monitor 2 or vice versa. This depends on the physical 
position of the LCD monitor in relation to the laptop. The horizontal 
line displayed on both monitors can be based on the laptop or external 
monitor. These are all adjustable options, and all a user need do is drag 
the monitor of the main screen to the extended monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     71(i) For Windows Vista ®
(ii) For Windows ® 7
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  72    Setting Up Your Monitor Display(iii) For Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1
2.DELL UP3214Q
 Show desktop only on…:  Display the status of a particular monitor. 
This option is typically chosen when the laptop is used as a PC so the 
user can enjoy a large external monitor. Most current laptops support 
mainstream resolutions. As shown in the figure above, the resolution 
of the laptop monitor is only 1366 x 768, but after connecting a 32” 
external LCD monitor, users can immediately improve their visual 
enjoyment to 3840 x 2160 UHD quality.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     73(i) For Windows Vista ®
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  74    Setting Up Your Monitor Display(ii) For Windows ® 7
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up Your Monitor Display     75(iii) For Windows ® 8/Windows ® 8.1
2.DELL UP3214Q
2.DELL UP3214QDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model: U2717DA
Regulatory model: U2717DtDell UltraSharp U2717DA
User’s GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of 
your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of data if 
instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal 
injury, or death.
Copyright © 2016 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.  This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. 
Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. 
All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2016 – 01   Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents
About Your Monitor  ..................................... 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Product Features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Identifying Parts and Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Plug-and-Play . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Setting Up the Monitor .................................. 22
Installing the Arm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Organizing Your Cables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Using the Tilt, Swivel, Pivot, Vertical and Horizontal  Extension  . . . . . . 31
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . . . 33
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Removing the Monitor Arm . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Wall Mounting (Optional) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Operating the Monitor .................................. 39
Turning on the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
Troubleshooting  ....................................... 55
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
         Contents       |    3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4   |      Contents       Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) Specific Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
Appendix  .............................................. 60
Safety Instructions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory Information  . . . . . . . . 60
Contacting Dell  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  60
Setting Up Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Maintenance Guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    5About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have 
received all the components and contact Dell  if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Monitor 
Arm Riser 
Arm Base
 Allen key Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6    |       About Your Monitor
                            
     Power cable (varies by country)
   USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables 
the USB ports on the monitor)
 
DP cable (mDP to DP)
•	Drivers and documentation media 
•	Quick Setup Guide
•	Safety and Regulatory Information
•	Factory Calibration Report 
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp  U2717DA  monitor has an active matrix, thinfilm transistor (TFT), 
liquid crystal display (LCD), and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
•	68.47 cm (27-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) 2560 x 1440 
resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•	Wide viewing angles with 99% sRGB color.
•	Tilt, swivel, pivot, vertical and horizontal extension adjustment capabilities.
•	Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•	Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
set up with an elegant viewing experience.
•	Extensive digital connectivity with DP, mDP, HDMI (MHL), and USB 3.0 helps future-
proof your monitor.
•	Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•	On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
•	Software and documentation media includes an information file (INF), Image 
color Matching File (ICM), Dell Display Manager software application and product 
documentation. Dell Display Manager included (comes in the CD attached with the 
monitor).
•	Security lock slot.
•	Asset Management Capability.
•	Energy Star Compliant.
•	EPEAT Gold Compliant.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    7•	RoHS compliant.
•	BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding cables).
•	Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury Free for Panel only.
•	Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.
•	0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
•	TCO Certified Displays.
Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8    |       About Your Monitor
Back View            
                                                                     
Label Description Use
1 VESA mountiong holes (100 mm 
x 100 mm-behind attached VESA 
cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 
mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Arm release button Release arm from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock 
(sold separately) .
5 Barcode, serial number, and Service 
Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact 
Dell for technical support.
6 Arm cover Remove the cover to access the cable 
management compartment.
7 Cable management compartment Use to organize cables by routing them 
through the compartment.  See Organizing 
Your Cables . 
Side View
USB downstream port
Port with 
  battery  icon is for BC 1.2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    9Bottom View
 
  
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
2 HDMI (MHL) connector Connect your computer with HDMI cable or MHL 
devices with MHL cable (optional).
3 DP connector (in) Connect your computer with DP cable.
4 mDP connector (in) Connect your computer with mDP to DP cable.
5 DP connector (out)
 DP output for MST (multi-stream transport) capable 
monitor. DP 1.1 monitor can only be connected as 
the last monitor in the MST chain. To enable MST, 
refer to instruction on section “ Connecting the 
Monitor for DP MST Function ”. 
NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when use DP out 
connector.
6 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming 
through HDMI or DP audio channels.
Only supports 2-channel audio.
NOTE: The audio line-out port does not support 
headphones.
WARNING: Excessive sound pressure from 
earphones or headphones can cause hearing 
damage or loss.
7 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that comes with your 
monitor to the computer. Once this cable is 
connected, you can use the USB downstream 
connectors on the monitor.
8 USB downstream ports (2) Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
connector after you have connected the USB cable 
to the computer and USB upstream connector on 
the monitor.
9 Arm lock Lock the arm to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
screw (screw not included).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10    |       About Your Monitor
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel type In-plane switching (IPS)
Viewable image
  Diagonal 68.47 cm (27 inches)
    Active Area
      Horizontal 569.736  mm ( 22.43  inches)
      Vertical 335.664  mm  ( 13.21  inches)
  Area 191239.86  mm2 (296.30  inches2)
Pixel pitch 0.2331 mm x 0.2331 mm
Viewing angle
   Horizontal 178° (typical)
   Vertical 178° (typical)
Luminance output 350 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Anti-glare treatment of the front polarizer (3H)
Backlight LED 
Response Time 8 ms (typical), 6 ms (fast mode)
Color depth 16.7 million colors
Color gamut 99% sRGB
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 88 kHz (DP/HDMI)
27 kHz to 70 kHz (MHL)
Vertical scan range 50 Hz to 75 Hz (DP/HDMI)
24 Hz to 60 Hz (MHL)
Maximum preset resolution 2560 x 1440 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities 
(DP & HDMI & MHL playback)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, 1440pDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    11Preset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
800 x 600  37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
1600 x 1200   75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
2048 x 1080 66.58 60.0 147.16 +/-
2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
MHL Source Display Modes
Display Mode Frequency 
(Hz)
640 x 480p 60
720 x 480p 60
720 x 576p 50
720 (1440) x 480i 60
720 (1440) x 576i 50
1280 x 720p 60
1280 x 720p 50
1920 x 1080i 60
1920 x 1080i 50
1920 x 1080p 30
1920 x 1080p 60Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12    |       About Your Monitor
MST Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external monitor that can be 
supported
2560 x 1440/60 Hz
2560 x 1440/60 Hz 2
NOTE: Maximum external monitor resolution supported is 2560 x1440 60Hz only.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals •	Digital video signal for each differential line  
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance
•	DP/HDMI/MHL signal input support
Input voltage/ frequency/current 100-240 VAC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 1.7 A 
(maximum)
Inrush current 120 V: 40 A (Max.)
240 V: 80 A (Max.)
Physical Characteristics
Connector type •	DP connector (include DP in and DP out)
•	mDP connector
•	HDMI (MHL) connector
•	Audio line-out
•	USB 3.0 upstream port connector
•	USB 3.0 downstream port connector x 4
(Port with 
  battery  icon is for BC 1.2)
Signal cable type mDP to DP 1.8 M cable
USB 3.0 1.8 M cable
Dimensions (with arm)
Height (extended) 519.3 mm (20.44 inches)
Height (compressed) 359.6mm (14.16 inches)
Depth (extended) 466.9mm (18.38 inches)
Depth (compressed) 195.7mm (7.70 inches)
Width 611.3 mm (24.07 inches)
Dimensions (without arm)
Height 355.6 mm (14.00 inches)
Width 611.3 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 48.3 mm (1.90 inches)
Arm dimensionsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    13Height 441.6mm (17.39 inches)
Width 121.6 mm (4.79 inches)
Depth 384.3 mm (15.13 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 9.7 kg (21.38 lb)
Weight with arm assembly and 
cables7.1 kg (15.65 lb)
Weight without arm assembly 
(For wall mount or VESA 
mount considerations - no 
cables)4.5 kg (9.92 lb)
Weight of arm assembly 2.3 kg (5.07 lb)
Environmental Characteristics
Temperature
 Operating 0°C to 40°C (32°F to 104°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
 Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation 252.5 BTU/hour (maximum)
88.7 BTU/hour (typical)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14    |       About Your Monitor
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA’s DPM-compliant video card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is 
referred to as power save mode*. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 74 W (maximum)**  
26 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Off White
(blinking slowly)Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Energy Star Power Consumption
On Mode 23.7 W***
The OSD operates only in the normal operation mode. If you press any button in the 
active-off mode, one of the following message is displayed:   
*Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting 
the AC mains cable from the monitor.
**Maximum power consumption with maximum luminance.
*** Energy consumption (On Mode) is tested at 230 Volts / 50 Hz. 
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your product 
may perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you 
ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. Accordingly, the 
customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions about electrical 
tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or 
implied.
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR -compliant. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    15Pin Assignments
DP connector (in)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(u)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH (p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16    |       About Your Monitor
DP connector (out)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH(p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH(n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    17mDP connector
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3 (n)
4 CONFIG1
5 ML3 (p)
6 CONFIG2
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2 (n)
10 ML0 (p)
11 ML2 (p)
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1 (n)
16 AUX (p)
17 ML1 (p)
18 AUX (n)
19 GND
20 DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18    |       About Your Monitor
HDMI connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECTDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    19MHL connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 N/C
2 CD_SENSE
3 N/C
4 N/C
5 TMDS_GND
6 N/C
7 MHL+
8 MHL_Shield
9 MHL-
10 N/C
11 TMDS_GND
12 N/C
13 N/C
14 N/C
15 CD_PULLUP
16 N/C
17 VBUS_CBUS_GND
18 VBUS
19 CBUS
2Shell ShieldDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20    |       About Your Monitor
Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
 NOTE:  Up to 2 A on USB downstream port (port 
  with battery  icon) with BC 
1.2 compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 3 USB downstream ports.
Your computer has the following USB ports:
•	1 upstream - bottom  
•	4 downstream - 2 at left side, 2 at bottom  
Power Charging Port - the one on the left side (Port with 
  battery  icon); 
supports fast current charging capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in the power 
save mode. If you turn off the monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals 
may take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption
SuperSpeed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
USB upstream port
 USB downstream port
Pin number Signal name Pin number Signal name
1 VBUS 1 VBUS
2 D- 2 D-
3 D+ 3 D+
4 GND 4 GND
5 StdB_SSTX- 5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdB_SSTX+ 6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN 7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdB_SSRX- 8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdB_SSRX+ 9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield Shell ShieldDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    21Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data 
(EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usability. For more information on LCD Monitor Pixel Policy, see 
Dell support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Installing the Arm
  NOTE: The arm riser and arm base are detached when the monitor is shipped
        from the factory.
  NOTE:  The arm installing instruction is applicable to the arm shipped with the 
monitor. For other mounting solutions (optional), please refer to their respective set 
up instructions.  
Installing the Arm Base
There are a few types of table configurations which the arm base could be installed:
A. Table with open edge 
B. Table with partition with gap between 
C. Table with grommet hole 
D. Others 
A.  Table with open edge 
•	Install the 2 screws either on top row or the 
bottom row of arm base bracket depending 
on the table thickness.  
•	Insert the clamp bracket key holes to the 
screws and slide down to secure in place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    23
•	Slide the arm base assembly completely 
into the table. 
•	Tighten the thumbscrew until the clamp 
disc is fully in contact with the underside of 
table. 
B.  Table with partition with gap between
•	Insert the arm base bracket through the gap 
between table and partition.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24    |       Setting Up the Monitor
•	Install the 2 screws either on top row or the 
bottom row of arm base bracket depending 
on the table thickness. 
•	Insert the clamp bracket key holes to the 
screws and slide down to secure in place. 
•	Tighten the thumbscrew until the clamp 
disc is fully in contact with the underside of 
table. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    25C.  Table with grommet hole
•	Insert the arm base bracket through the 
grommet hole. 
•	Install the 2 screws either on top row or the 
bottom row of arm base bracket depending 
on the table thickness.  
•	Insert the clamp bracket key holes to the 
screws and slide down to secure in place. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26    |       Setting Up the Monitor
•	Tighten the thumbscrew until the clamp 
disc is fully in contact with the underside of 
table. 
D.  Others
Some office partition system s have a swing-open panel for cable management.   In 
certain cases, the swing-open panel might cause obstruction to the arm base 
installation as illustrated below. 
A. Without opening the panel, the gap is too small to insert the arm base bracket. 
B. The panel need to be opened first before inserting the arm base bracket into the 
gap. 
C. However, the height of the arm base pole obstructs the panel from closing back. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    27The recommended arm base installation steps to overcome this issue: 
A. Remove the pole from the arm base by removing the center screw. 
B. Open the panel and insert the arm base bracket through the gap. 
C. Close the panel and install back the pole to the arm base bracket.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Installing the Arm Riser
•	Insert the arm riser fully into the pole of the 
arm base which has been installed to the 
table.
•	Fully tighten the set screw using the Allen 
key to prevent the arm riser accidentally 
detaching from the arm base. 
•	Place the grooves on the back of monitor 
into the two tabs on the top part of the arm.
•	Tilt the monitor down till the monitor snaps 
into its place.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    29Organizing Your Cables 
1. Remove the arm cover which is attached 
with magnets to the arm riser.
2. Slide the cable bracket upwards to unlock .
3. Flip the cable bracket up until it holds still in 
position.
•	Thread the cables from bottom up through 
the cable clips and bracket. 
•	The cables should exit from the arm bottom 
opening and connected to the respective 
connectors on the monitor.
1. Flip down the cable bracket fully.
2. Slide the cable bracket downward until it is 
locked in place. 
  NOTE:  Ensure the cables do not overlap on 
top of each other. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30    |       Setting Up the Monitor
•	Attach the arm cover.  
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connecting 
Your Monitor  for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    31Using the Tilt, Swivel, Pivot, Vertical and Horizontal  
Extension 
   NOTE: This is applicable to the arm shipped with this monitor. For other mounting 
solutions please refer to their respective set up instructions.  
Tilt and Vertical Extension
With arm attached to the monitor, you can tilt and lift the monitor to the most 
comfortable viewing position.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Swivel and Horizontal Extension
With arm attached to the monitor, you can swivel the monitor and pan the arm to a 
optimum monitor viewing distance or just simply to compact the monitor to have a 
clear desk. 
Pivoting
Before you pivot the monitor, your monitor should be fully lifted vertically and fully tilted 
up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
  NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included with 
this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to  www.dell.com/support  and see 
the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates. 
  NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    33Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
 NOTE:  If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2   Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3   If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.
   4   If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.
   5   If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 
 NOTE:  If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions . 
    To connect your monitor to the computer:
         1    Turn off your computer.
         2    Connect the HDMI/m DP-DP /USB cable from your monitor to 
               the computer. (Vertically extend and  tilt the monitor completely to rotate it for  
               cable connection. See Pivoting .)
         3    Switch on your monitor. 
         4   Select the correct input source at Monitor OSD Menu and turn on your
               computer.           
  NOTE:  U2717DA  default setting is DP 1.2. DP 1.1 Graphic card may not display 
normally. Please refer to “ product specific problems – No image when using DP 
connection to the PC ” to change default setting.
Connecting the HDMI cable(Optional)
Connecting the DP (or mDP) cable 
 NOTE: Default is DP port. Select input source on monitor to switch to mDP.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    35Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
   NOTE:  Supports the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your PC    
        Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
   NOTE:  Remove the rubber plug when using the DP out connector.
Connecting the USB cable 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Using the Mobile-High Definition Link (MHL) 
   NOTE: This monitor is MHL ready.
   NOTE: To use the MHL function, use only MHL-certified cable and source devices
        that support MHL output.
   NOTE: Some MHL source devices may take more than a few seconds or longer to
        output an image, depending on MHL source devices.
   NOTE:  When the connected MHL source device enters standby mode, the monitor
        displays a black screen or the message below, depending on MHL source device’s
        output.
                     
    To enable MHL connection, please perform the below steps:
         1    Plug the power cable on your monitor into a AC outlet.
         2    Connect the (micro) USB port on your MHL source device to HDMI (MHL) port 
               on the monitor with a MHL certified cable (see Bottom View  for details).
         3   Turn on the monitor and the MHL source device.  
         4    Select input source on monitor to HDMI (MHL) by using OSD menu (see Using
                the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  for details).
         5    If the monitor does not display an image, see Mobile High-Definition Link 
                (MHL) Specific Problems .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    37Removing the Monitor Arm
 CAUTION:  Place monitor of a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching 
the display panel.
NOTE: The arm installing instruction is applicable to the arm shipped with the 
monitor. For other mounting solutions (optional), please refer to their respective 
set up instructions.  
To remove the arm:
1. Press and hold the arm-release button. 
2. Lift the monitor up and away from the 
arm. 
1. Turn the screw anticlockwise with an Allen 
key.
2. Remove the arm riser from the arm base 
by pulling it in the direction of the arrow 
as shown in the figure.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38    |       Setting Up the Monitor
•	Turn the fixed screw at the bottom of the 
arm base to separate it.
Wall Mounting (Optional)
  
                         
                 
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
    2    Remove the arm.
    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the   
          plastic cover.
    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
           wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 4.5 kg (9.9 lb).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    39Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the  
 button to turn on the monitor. 
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows 
the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40    |       Operating the Monitor
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front- Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
3
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen 
display (OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System .
4
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit 
the OSD main menu.
5
Power (with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and 
Off.
The white LED indicates the monitor is On and fully 
functional.
A glowing white LED indicates DPMS Power Save 
Mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    41Front- Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
 
Front Panel Button Description
1      
           
   
 
        Up             DownUse the Up (increase) and Down  (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42    |       Operating the Monitor
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted. 
  3   Press the 
  or 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
  6   Select the 
  to return to previous menu or 
  to accept and return to previous 
menu. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    43Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when 
Dynamic Contrast  is switched on.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  only if 
further adjustment is necessary. 
Press the 
   button to increase contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease contrast (between 0 and 100).
Contrast adjusts the difference between darkness and 
lightness on the monitor.
Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between different 
video inputs that are be connected to your monitor. 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DP Select DP input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort) 
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP input source.
mDP Select mDP input when you are using the 
mDP (mini DisplayPort)  connector. 
Use 
  to select the mDP input source.
HDMI/MHL Select the HDMI/MHL  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI/MHL  input source.
Auto Select Use 
  to select Auto Select , the monitor scans for available 
input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory 
defaults.
Color Use the Color  menu to adjust the color setting mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    45Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard, 
Multimedia, Movie, Game, Paper, Color Temp., sRGB or 
Custom Color  from the list.
•	Standard:  Default color settings. This is the default preset 
mode. 
•	Multimedia:  Ideal for multimedia applications.
•	Movie:  Ideal for movies.
•	Game:  Ideal for most gaming applications.
•	Paper:  Loads brightness and sharpness settings ideal for 
viewing text. Blend the text background to simulate paper 
media without affecting color images. 
•	Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow 
tint with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with 
slider set at 10,000K.
•	sRGB: Emulates 99% sRGB.
•	Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color 
settings. Press the  
 and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, 
Green, and Blue values and create your own preset color 
mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
•	RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the HDMI, mDP-DP cable or 
MHL devices using the MHL cable.
•	YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only 
YPbPr output.
   Gamma Allows you to set the Gamma to PC or MAC .
   HueUser 
   or 
  to adjust the hue from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only for Movie and Game 
mode. 
  SaturationUser 
   or 
  to adjust the saturation from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
NOTE: Saturation adjustment is available only for Movie and 
Game mode. 
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    47Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Display  Use the Display  menu to adjust image. 
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9, 4:3, or 5:4.
Monitor 
SleepSleep After Timeout : Monitor goes into sleep after timeout.
Never : Monitor never goes into sleep.
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of contrast to provide sharper 
and more detailed image quality.
Push the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  “On”
or “Off”.
NOTE: For Game  and Movie  preset mode only.
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you 
select Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response 
TimeAllows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
MST DP Multi Stream Transport,  Set to ON enables MST(DP out), 
Set to OFF disables MST function. 
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Energy 
Power 
Button LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor 
standby mode.
NOTE:  USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available 
when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will 
be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset Energy Select this option to restore default Energy  settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    49Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
  Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, 
the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu 
remains on screen, and so on.
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, 
Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 0/90/180/270 degrees.
You can adjust the menu according to your display rotation.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
 and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer  OSD Hold Time:  Sets the length of time the OSD remains 
active after you press a button.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock is selected, 
no user adjustments are allowed. All buttons are locked.
NOTE: 
Lock  function – Either soft lock (through OSD menu) or hard 
lock (Press and hold the exit button 6 sec)  
Unlock  function – Only hard unlock (Press and hold the exit 
button 6 sec)
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
  Personalize Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input Source, 
Aspect Ratio, Rotation set as shortcut key.
Reset
Persona-
lizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    51Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Other
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such as the 
DDC/CI , LCD conditioning , and so on.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows 
you to adjust the monitor settings using software on your 
computer.
Select Disable to turn off this feature.
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on 
the degree of image retention, the program may take some 
time to run. Select Enable to start the process. 
Reset Others Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI , to factory defaults.
Factory Reset Restores all OSD settings to the factory defaults.
   NOTE: This monitor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness
         to compensate for LED aging.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    53OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
  
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the 
following message:
  
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 2560 x 1440.
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
 
When the monitor enters the  Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
  
   Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54    |       Operating the Monitor
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
If either DP, mDP, HDMI/MHL input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 
                             
                                                                      
 or
 
                             
                                                                     
or
                            
See Troubleshooting  for more information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting        |    55Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                      
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
        Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.
   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, 
the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the 
dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 
or
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56    |       Troubleshooting
or
 4    This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
  NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
 
To run the built-in diagnostics:
   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
         then goes into the self-test mode.
   3    Press and hold Button 1  and Button 4  on the front panel simultaneously for 2
         seconds. A gray screen appears.
   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
   5    Press Button 4  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting        |    57   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text 
         screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 4  again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.
Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected 
and secure.
•	Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
•	Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no 
brightness•	Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•	Cycle	power	on-off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect	
   that canoccur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
  and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  
   http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots•	Cycle	power	On-Off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect		
   that canoccur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
   and PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at:  
   http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•	Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks•	Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•	Contact Dell immediately.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58    |       Troubleshooting
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on 
& off•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
•	Reset	the	monitor	to	factory	settings.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in 
self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing 
color•	Perform monitor self-test.
•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good•	Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the 
Color  menu OSD depending on the application.
•	Adjust R/G/B value under Custom. Color  in Color  
menu OSD.
•	Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or 
YPbPr in the Color  menu OSD.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen•	Use the Power Management  feature to turn off 
the monitor at all times when not in use (for more 
information, see Power Management Modes ).
•	Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but does 
not fill entire 
viewing area•	Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the Display  
menu OSD.
•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust 
the monitor 
with the buttons 
on the front 
panelOSD does not 
appear on the 
screen•	Turn off the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable, plug it back, and then turn on the monitor.
•	Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If yes, 
press and hold the button beside the power 
button for 6 seconds to unlock (for more 
information, see Lock ).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting        |    59Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, 
the LED light is 
white•	Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the 
mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•	Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
•	Reset the computer or video player.
The picture 
does not fill the 
entire screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•	Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
No image 
when using DP 
connection to 
the PCBlack screen •	Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.2) is 
your Graphics Card certified to. Download and 
install the latest graphics card driver.
•	Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
  DP 1.2 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input 
  Source selection, press and hold DP select 
  
  key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting from 
  DP 1.2 to DP 1.1a. 
Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
MHL interface is 
not workingCannot see 
MHL device 
image shown 
on the monitor•	Ensure your MHL cable and MHL device are MHL 
certified.
•	Check your MHL device is turned on. 
•	Check your MHL device is not in standby mode.
•	Check physical MHL cable connection is 
corresponding to input source selected on OSD 
Menu: HDMI (MHL).
•	Wait for 30 seconds after connecting MHL cable 
as some MHL devices require longer recovery 
time. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60    |       Appendix
Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as 
the bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
         hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at  www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
  NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
        information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See  www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
   1    Go to  www.dell.com/support .
   2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu
         at the top-left corner of the page.
   3    Click Contact Us  next to the country dropdown.
   4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
   5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Appendix        |    61Setting Up Your Monitor
Setting Display Resolution to 2560 x 1440  (maximum)
For best performance, set the display resolution to 2560 x 1440 pixels by performing the 
following steps:
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic
        desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
   3   Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 2560 x 1440.
   4   Click OK.
In Windows 10 :
    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 2560 x 1440 .
   4   Click Apply .
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update 
your graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the 
computer system you are using, and follow the given steps.
Dell computer
   1   Go to www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the latest 
        driver for your graphics card.
   2   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to
       2560 x 1440 again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the resolution to 2560 x 1440, please contact Dell 
       to inquire about a graphics adapter that supports these resolutions.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62    |       Appendix
Non-Dell computer
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch 
        to classic desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
   3   Click Change Display Settings .
   4   Click Advanced Settings .
   5   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).
   6   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http://www.ATI.com   or  http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
   7   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 2560 x 1440  again.
In Windows 10 :
    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click Display adapter properties.
   4   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).
   5   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http://www.ATI.com   or  http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
   6   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 2560 x 1440  again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the 
       manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics adapter that 
supports the video resolution.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Appendix        |    63Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from
           the electrical outlet.
 
    CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
•	To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static 
coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed 
air.
•	Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of 
any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
•	If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
•	Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and 
show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
•	To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Dell UltraSharp 32 HDR PremierColor 
Monitor—UP3221Q
User’s Guide
Model: UP3221Q
Regulatory model: UP3221QbNotes, cautions, and warnings
NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss 
of data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2020 Dell Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. Thunderbolt™ and the Thunderbolt™ logo are trademarks of Intel 
Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. USB Type-C® and USB-C® are registered trademarks of 
USB Implementers Forum. All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2020 - 09
Rev. A00/.null/.null│/.null/.null3Contents
About Your Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Identifying Parts and Controls. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Front View. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10
Back View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11Bottom View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Monitor Specifications. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Flat Panel Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14Resolution Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Supported Video Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Preset Display Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18Electrical Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18Physical Characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19Environmental Characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21Power Management Modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22Pin Assignments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Plug and Play Capability. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
USB Downstream Connector  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27
Thunderbolt™ 3 Connector. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28USB Ports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Cleaning Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 294/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Attaching the Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Attaching the Monitor Hood. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Connecting the HDMI cable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
Connecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37Connecting the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active ca ble . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Connecting the monitor for Thunderbolt™ Multi-Stream 
Transport (MST) function . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Connecting the USB Type-C to Type-A cable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Organizing Your Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Attaching the I/O Cover. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
Removing the Monitor Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
Wall Mounting (Optional). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
Operating the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Power On the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Using the Joystick Control. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Accessing the Menu Launcher. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Accessing the Menu System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46OSD Warning Messages. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67
Setting the Maximum Resolution. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .71
Performing Color Calibration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72
Using the OSD menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72
Using the Shortcut Key with video signal  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73Using the Shortcut Key without video signal. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74
Stopping the Calibration Process  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76
Performing Color Validation. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76
Using the OSD menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76
Using the shortcut key with video signal. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77Using the shortcut key without video signal . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 78/.null/.null│/.null/.null5Stopping the Validation Process  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80
Requirements to view or playback HDR content . . . . . . . 81Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . 82
Tilt, Swivel  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82
Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83Rotating the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
Troubleshooting  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
Self-Test. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 86
Always On USB Type-C (Thunderbolt™) Charging . . . . . 88
Firmware update  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 88Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 89
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 92
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . 94
Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 96
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 96
Contact Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 96
Video and USB Support over USB-C  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 97Purchasing a Thunderbolt™ 3 Passive Cable . . . . . . . . . . 986/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorAbout Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with th e components shown below.  Ensure that you have 
received all the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
NOTE: Some items may be optional an d may not ship with your monitor. 
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
NOTE: To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective 
stand setup guide for setup instructions. 
 
Display
Stand RiserAbout Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null 7Stand Base
I/O Cover
Monitor Hood
Power Cable (Varies by 
Country)
HDMI Cable 
DP Cable (DP to DP)
Thunderbolt™ 3 (USB Type-C) Active Cable8/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorUSB Type-C to Type-A 
Cable
•F a c t o r y  C a l i b r a t i o n  
Report
•C a l i b r a t i o n  a n d  
V
alidation Techsheet
• Thunderbolt™ 3 
C
onnection Techsheet
•Q u i c k  S e t u p  G u i d e
• Safety, Environmental, 
and R
egulatory 
InformationAbout Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null9Product Features
The Dell UP3221Q  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor 
(TFT), Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) and mi ni LED backlight. The monitor features 
include:
• 80.01 cm (31.5 in.) viewable area display (measured diagonally). 
3840 x 2160 (16:9) resolution, plus fu ll-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position.
• Color gamut of CIE1976 DCI-P3 99.8% with an average ΔE < 2.
• Manually select Gamma/White Point/Color Gamut/Luminance via User 1, 
User 2, or User 3 Color Space options.
• Manual HDR mode without HDR signal via User 1, User 2, or User 3 options, 
allowing force selection of HDR EOTF between ST.2084(PQ) and HLG.
• Calibrate User 1, User 2, or User 3 settings directly in CAL 1 or CAL 2.
• Supports HDMI, DP, and Thunderbolt™ 3 sources.
• HDMI, DP, and Thunderbolt™ 3 connection supports 10-bit color. 
• Frame Buffering allows 24/25 Hz video to be displayed in 48/50 Hz at 
10-bit color.
• Single Thunderbolt™ 3 to supply power (Up to 90 W) to a compatible 
notebook while receiving video & data signal.
• Built-in Color Calibration functionality.
• Multi-Stream Transport (MST) capability via Thunderbolt™ 3 connection.
• Tilt, swivel, pivot, and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
• Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling 
easier setup with an elegant viewing experience.
• Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 
100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen 
optimization.
• Supports Joystick, Power button and Color lock via OSD.
• Security lock slot.
• 0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
• Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) select mode.10/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorIdentifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Description
1 LED indicator to display the monitor’s power status.LabelAbout Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null11Back View
Back view without and with monitor stand
Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes 
(
100 mm x 100 mm- 
behind attached VESA Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wa
ll mount kit (100 mm x 100 mm.)
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from monitor.
4 Barcode, serial number, and
 Service Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact D
ell for technical support.
5 Cable management clips To organize the cables neatly
6 Power On/Off button Turns the monitor on or off.
7 Joystick Use to control the OSD menu. (For more In
formation, see Operating the Monitor )
8 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock (security l
ock not included). 
9 Cable management hole Use to organize cables by placing them thr
ough the hole.Label12/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorBottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 AC power 
co
nnectorConnect the power cable (shipped with your monitor).
2 Stand lock fe
atureTo lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm s
crew (screw not included).
3 HDMI port co
nnector (2)Connect your computer with HDMI cable.
4 DisplayPort in co
nnectorConnect your computer with DP cable.
5 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers.*About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null136 Thunderbolt™ 3 
Upstream 
(USB Type-C®) 
portConnect the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable that came with your monitor to the computer or mobile device. This port supports USB Power Delivery (up to 90 W), Data, and DisplayPort video signal.
The Thunderbolt™ 3 port supports Alternate Mode DP1.4 with a maximum resolution of 3840 x 2160 at 

60 Hz, PD 20 V/4.5 A, 15 V/3 A, 9 V/3 A, and 5 V/3 A.
Thunderbolt™ 3 supports MST (Multi-Stream Transport) capable monitor. To enable MST, refer to instruction on section “
Connecting the monitor for 
Thunderbolt™ Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function ”.
NOTE: Thunderbolt™ 3 is not supported on versions 
of Windows prior to Windows 10.
7 Thunderbolt™ 3 Downstream 

(USB Type-C) portConnect the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable that came with your monitor to the computer, mobile devices, a second monitor, or other Th underbolt™ devices. This 
port supports USB Power Delivery (up to 15 W, 

PD 5 V/3 A), Data, and DisplayPort video signal.
Thunderbolt™ 3 supports MST (Multi-Stream Transport) capable monitor. To enable MST, refer to instruction on section “
Connecting the monitor for 
Thunderbolt™ Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function ”.
NOTE: For Notebooks and other devices that require 
more than 15 W of power, it is recommended to connect to another power source to power or charge your device.
NOTE: Thunderbolt™ 3 is not supported on versions 
of Windows prior to Windows 10.
8 SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2) downstream port (2)Connect your USB device. You can only use this connector after you have connected the USB cable to the computer.**14/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your Monitor* Headphone usage is not supporte d for the audio line out connector.
** To avoid signal interference, when a wi reless USB device has been connected to 
a USB downstream port, it is NOT r ecommended to connect any other USB 
devices to the adjacent port(s).
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications9 External 
C
olorimeter port
Connect your external colorimeter.
NOTE: R emove the plastic plug when using this port.
NOTE: This  port is used exclusively for connecting 
external colorimeters. Do not plug in other USB 
devices.
Model UP3221Q
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Type
Aspect ratio 16:9
Viewable image
Diagonal
Horizontal, Active Area
Vertical, Active Area
Area800.05 mm (31.5 in.)697.31 mm (27.45 in.)
392.23 mm (15.44 in.)
273505.9 mm
2 (423.93 in.2)
Pixel pitch 0.1816 mm x 0.1816 mm
Pixel per inch 140
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output SDR: 350 cd/m²
HDR: 1000 cd/m²
Contrast ratio • 1300 to 1• 1,000,000 to 1 (HDR On)About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null15Faceplate coating Advanced Antiglare treatment of the front polarizer 
(Haze 25%, 3H)
Backlight mini LED
Response time • 6 ms gray to gray in Fast  Mode
• 8 ms gray to gray in Normal  Mode
• 14 ms gray to gray in Off Mode
Color depth 1.07 billion colors ( True  10 Bit)
Color gamut (panel 
native)• CIE1931 Adobe 93%
• CIE1976 DCI-P3 99.8%
•C I E 1 9 7 6  B T . 2 0 2 0  8 3 %
Built-in devices Colorimeter
Calibration accuracy (default Color Space preset) SDR:
Average ΔE < 1
NOTE: Only for DCIP3 D65, BT.709 D65 and sRGB 
D65.
Average ΔE < 2
NOTE: Only for Adobe RGB D65 and Adobe RGB 
D50.
HDR:
ST.2084(PQ): ΔE ITP < 3.5 
HLG: ΔE < 3.5
NOTE: Select Factory Reset  to return Calibration accuracy to default presets.
Connectivity • 1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 2.2) 
• 2 x HDMI 2.0 (HDCP 2.2) 
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 Upstream port (DP1.4)
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 Downstream port (DP1.4) 
• 2 x SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2) 
Downstream port
• 1 x External Colorimeter port. This port does not 
support standard USB devices.
Border width (edge of monitor to active area) 7.6 mm (Top/Left/Right)
35.81 mm (Bottom)16/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorResolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range
(HDMI & DP & Thunderbolt™ 3 alternate 
mode
)15 kHz to 135 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range
(HDMI & DP & Thunderbolt™ 3 alternate 
mode
)23 Hz to 86 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz
Supported Video Modes
Video display capabilities 
(HDMI & DP playback)480p, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, 
QHD
, UHD (Interlacing mode is 
not supported under PBP mode)Adjustability
Height adjustable stand
Til tSwivel
Pivot160 mm
-5° to 21°-30° to 30°
-90° to 90°
NOTE: Do not mount inverse (180°) landscape orientation as it may damage the 
monitor.
Dell Display Manager 
(DDM) CompatibilityYes
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)
Model UP3221Q
Model UP3221QAbout Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null17Preset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Fr
equency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Fr
equency 
(Hz)Pixel 
C
lock 
(MHz)Sync 
Po
larity 
(Horizontal
/Vertical)
VESA, 640 x 480
VESA, 640 x 480
VESA, 720 x 400
VESA, 800 x 600
VESA, 800 x 600
VESA, 1024 x 768
VESA, 1024 x 768
VESA, 1152 x 864
VESA, 1280 x 1024VESA, 1280 x 1024
VESA, 1600 x 1200
VESA, 1920 x 1080
VESA, 2048 x 1280 - R
VESA, 3840 x 2160 
(DP/Thunderbolt™)
VESA, 3840 x 2160 
(HDMI)
2560 x 1440
2048 x 1080
2048 x 108031.5 59.9 25.2 -/-
37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
31.5 70.1 28.3 -/+
37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
78.9 59.9 174.3 +/-
133.3 60.0 533.3 +/-
135.0 60.0 594.0 +/+
88.787 59.951 241.55 +/-
27.0 24.0 74.25 +/-
54.0 48.0 148.5 +/-18/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorMulti-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz
3840 x 2160 
at 60 Hz1
NOTE: Use the cables that came wi th your monitor for Thunderbolt™ 
Multi-Stream Transport (MST) connection. See Connecting the 
monitor for Thunderbolt™ Multi-Stream Transport (MST) function  for 
connection details.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals HDMI 2.0*/DP 1.4, 600 mV for each differential line, 
1
00 ohm input impedance per differential pair.
AC input voltage/fr
equency/current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz + 3 Hz / 
4.5 A (typical) 
Inrush current • 120 V: 50 A (Max.) at 0°C (cold start)
• 240 V: 100 A (Max.) at 0°C (cold start)
* Not Support HDMI 2.0 optional specification, include HDMI Ethernet Channel 
(HEC), Audio Return Channel (ARC), standard for 3D fo rmat and resolutions, and 
standard for 4K digital cinema resolution.MST Source 
Monit
orMaximum number of external monitor can be supported
Model UP3221QAbout Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null19Physical Characteristics
Model UP3221Q
Connector Type • 1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 2.2) 
•2  x  H D M I  2 . 0  ( H D C P  2 . 2 )  
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 Upstream port 
(DP1.4)
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 Downstream port 
(DP1.4) 
• 2 x SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 
3.2 Gen 1/2) Downstream port
• 1 x External Colorimeter port. This port 
does not support standard USB devices.
Signal cable type • Digital: HDMI, 19 pins
• Digital: DisplayPort, 20 pins
• Digital: Thunderbolt™ 3, 24 pins
• Universal Serial Bus: USB Type-C to 
Type-A
NOTE: Dell monitors are designed to work optimally with the video cables that 
are shipped with your monitor. As Dell does not have control over the different cable suppliers in the market, the type of material, connector and process used to manufacture these cables, Dell does not guarantee video performance on cables that are not shipped with your Dell monitor.20/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorDimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 623.7 mm (24.55 in.)
Height (compressed) 463.7 mm (18.25 in.)
Width 712.5 mm (28.05 in.)
Depth 250.0 mm (9.84 in.)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 435.9 mm (17.16 in.)
Width 712.5 mm (28.05 in.)
Depth 76.1 mm (3.00 in.)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 488.3 mm (19.22 in.)
Height (compressed) 441.5 mm (17.38 in.)
Width 345.0 mm (13.58 in.)
Depth 250.0 mm (9.84 in.)
Weight
Weight with packaging 24.33 kg (53.62 lb)
Weight with stand assembly, hood 
and cables18.07 kg (39.83 lb)
Weight without stand assembly 
(with cable cover attached) 
(For wall mount or VESA mount considerations - no cables)11.31 kg (24.93 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 5.59 kg (12.32 lb)
Weight of hood 0.80 kg (1.76 lb)
Front frame gloss 5 +/- 1.5 GU• RoHS-compliant
• BFR/PVC-free (Halogen-free) excluding external cables
• Arsenic-free glass and Mercury-free for the panel only
Operating 0°C to 40°C (32°F to 104°F)
Non-operating • Storage: -20°C to 60°C (-4°F to 140°F)
• Shipping: -20°C to 60°C (-4°F to 140°F)
Operating 10% to 90% (non-condensing)
Non-operating • Storage: 10% to 90% (non-condensing)• Shipping: 10% to 90% (non-condensing)
Operating 3,048 m (10,000 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
• 1,297 BTU/hour (maximum)
• 239 BTU/hour (typical)
About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null21Environmental Characteristics
Model UP3221Q
Co
mpliant Standards
Temperature
HumidityAltitude
Thermal dissipation22/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorPower Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, 
the monitor can automatically reduce its po wer consumption when not in use. This 
is referred to as Standby Mode *. If the computer detect s input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monito r automatically resume s functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA 
Mod
esHorizontal 
Sy
ncVertical 
Sy
ncVideo Power 
Indica
torPower 
Co
nsumption
Normal oper
ationActive Active Active White 380 W (ma
ximum)**
70 W (typical)
Standby mo
deInactive Inactive Blanked White (b
linking)Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Power Consumption Pon 39 W
Total Energy Consumption (TEC) 138.37 kWh
* Zero power consumption in  OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with max luminance, and USB active.
This document is informational only and reflects labor atory performance. Your 
product may perform differently, depend ing on the software, components and 
peripherals you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. 
Accordingly, the customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions 
about electrical tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or implied.
NOTE: 
P
on: Power consumption of On Mode measured with reference to 
Energy Star test method. 
TEC: Total energy consumption in kW h measured with reference to 
Energy Star test method. About Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null23The OSD functions only in the normal operation mode. When the Joystick  is 
pressed in the Standby Mode, the following message will be displayed:
Activate the computer and the moni tor to gain access to the OSD.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.24/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorPin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
C
onnected Signal Cable
1 ML3 (n)
2 GND
3 ML3 (p)
4 ML2 (n)
5 GND
6 ML2 (p)
7 ML1 (n)
8 GND
9 ML1 (p)
10 ML0 (n)
11 GND
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX (p)
16 GND
17 AUX (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWRAbout Your Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null25HDMI Connector
Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the 
C
onnected Signal Cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT26/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorPlug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Di splay Identification 
Data (EDID) using Display Data Channe l (DDC) protocols so the system can 
configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monito r installations are 
automatic; you can select different setting s if desired. For mo re information about 
changing the monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the 
monitor.
Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption
Super-speed 10 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Thunderbolt™ 3/
USB T
ype-CDescription
Video DP1.2 (Passive cable)
DP1.4 (Active cable)
Data USB 2.0
USB 3.2 (Active, Thunderbolt™ 3 only)
Power Delivery (PD) Thunderbolt™ 3 Upstream port: Up to 90 W (typical)
Thunderbolt™ 3 Downstream port: Up to 15 W (typical)NOTE: This monitor is SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2) 
compatible.
NOTE: USB Type-C video requires a Type-C Alternate Mode capability computer. 
NOTE: To support USB Type-C Alternate Mode, please ensure the Source computer has Alte rnate Mode capability.About Your Monitor/.null /.null │/.null /.null27USB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+28/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout Your MonitorThunderbolt™ 3 Connector
USB Ports
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 downstream (USB Type-C compatible) - bottom
• 1 x Thunderbolt™ 3 upstream (USB Type-C compatible) - bottom
• 2 x SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2) downstream - bottom
NOTE: SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2) functionality 
requires a SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2)-capable computer.
NOTE: The monitor's USB interface work s only when the monitor is On 
or in the Standby mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then turn it On, 
the attached peripherals may take a few seconds to resume normal 
functionality.Pin Number Signal Name Pin Number Signal Name
A1 GND B1 Cable Detection
A2 TX1+ B2 TX2+
A3 TX1- B3 TX2-
A4 VBUS B4 VBUS
A5 CC1 B5 CC2
A6 D+ B6 D+
A7 D- B7 D-
A8 SBU1 B8 SBU2
A9 VBUS B9 VBUS
A10 RX2- B10 RX1-
A11 RX2+ B11 RX1+
A12 GND B12 GNDAbout Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null29LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proces s, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging  state which are hard to see and do not 
affect the display quality or usability. Fo r more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  http://www.dell.co m/pixelguidelines .
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the 
monitor.
WARNING: Before cleaning the mo nitor, unplug th e monitor power 
cable from the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
• To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. 
If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating. Do not use benzene,  thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, 
or compressed air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.
• If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn Off your monitor when not in use.30/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the MonitorSetting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
NOTE: The stand is detached when  the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.
NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other 
stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the set up instructions.
CAUTION: Do no
 t remove the monitor from the packaging box before 
attaching the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1.F ollow the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the 
top cushion that secures it.
2.R emove the stand riser, stand base, I/O cover, and hood from the packaging 
cushion.
3.Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.
4.L ift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
5.A fter tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null316.Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly.
7.Attach the stand assembly to the monitor.
a.Fit the tw o tabs on the upper part of th e stand to the groove on the back of 
the monitor.
b.Press the stand down till it snaps into place.32/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the Monitor8.Place the monitor upright with the protective cushion attached.
NOTE: Lift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.
CAUTION: Do no t hold or lift the monitor by the colorimeter tray when 
moving the monitor.Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null339.Tear apart the zipper die-cut in the middle of the protective cushion, then 
remove the protective cushion from the left and right side of the monitor.
10. Remove the cover from the monitor.
34/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the MonitorAttaching the Monitor Hood
To install your monitor hood:
1.T ake out the hood that came with the monitor.
2.Unfold the hood with the “U” channel strips on both flaps facing inwards.
Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null353.Align the monitor side with in the “U” channel strips.
4.Slide the hood all the way down.
Connecting Your Monitor
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety Instructions .
NOTE: Do not connect all cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1.T urn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2.Connec t the HDMI/DP/Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable from the monitor to 
your computer or device.36/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the MonitorConnecting the HDMI cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setting in the UP 3221Q is HDMI 2.0. If 
the monitor fails to show any co ntent after the HDMI cable is 
connected, follow the pr ocedures below to change the settings from 
HDMI 2.0 to HDMI 1.4:
•P r e s s  t h e  Jo ystick  to activate the OSD menu.
•T o g g l e  t h e  Joystick to highlight Input Source , then press the joystick to 
enter the submenu.
• Toggle the Joystick to highlight HDMI .
•P r e s s  a n d  h o l d  t h e  Joystick  for approximately 10 seconds, and the HDMI 
configuration message appears.
• Toggle the Joystick to select Yes  and change the settings.
Repeat the above steps to change the HDMI format settings if necessary.Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null37Connecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setting in the UP3221Q is DP 1.4.
Connecting the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable
NOTE: Use the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active  cable shipped with monitor only. 
• This port supports DisplayPort Alternate Mode DP1.4.
•
The Thunderbolt™ 3 power delivery compliant port (PD Version 3.0) 
delivers up to 90 W of power. 
• If your notebook requires more than 90 W to operate and the battery is 
drained, it may not be powered up or charged with the USB PD port of 
UP3221Q.
• Thunderbolt™ 3 is not supported on versions of Windows prior to 
Windows 10.
NOTE: The UP3221Q monitor ships with a US B-C Thunderbolt™ 3 
Active cable. The USB-C DP cable is  not included. If you are using a 
computer with USB-C DP connection,  please purchase the USB-C DP 
cable separately. For more information, go to:  www.dell.com/UP3221Q38/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the MonitorConnecting the monitor for Thunderb olt™ Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
NOTE: UP3221Q supports the Thunderb olt™ MST feature. To make use 
of this feature, your PC must  support Thunderbolt™ feature.
The default out of factory setting in the UP3221Q is Alternate Mode DP1.4.
To set up MST connection, please use only Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable that came 
with your monitor 
and perform the below steps:
1.T urn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2.Connec t the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable from the Thunderbolt™ upstream 
port of Monitor One to your computer or device.
3.Connec t the other Thunderbolt™ 3 Active/Passive cable or USB Type-C 
cable from the Thunderbolt™ downstream port of Monitor One to the 
Thunderbolt™ upstream port of Monitor Two. Refer to the following table for available types of cable.
Host UP3221Q Monitor One UP3221Q Monitor TwoYou can use the following cable type for MST connection:
* Thunderbolt™ 3 (USB Type-C) Active Cable
** Thunderbolt™ 3 (USB Type-C) Passive Cable
NOTE: Use the Thunderbolt™ 3 Acti ve cable that came with your 
monitor.Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable*Act
ive cable*
Passive cable**
USB Type-C cable
Thunderbolt™ 2 Active or Passive cable N/A
USB Type-C Passive cable** N/ASetting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null39NOTE: If you are using a computer with  USB-C DP connection, please 
purchase the USB-C DP cable separately. For more information, go to: 
http://www.dell.com .
NOTE: For information on purchasing  a Thunderbolt™ 3 Passive cable, 
go to: Purchasing a Thunderbolt™ 3 Passive Cable .
Connecting the USB Type-C to Type-A cable
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before unplugging the USB 
upstream port, make sure that NO USB storage devices are in use by 
the computer connected to the mo nitor’s Thunderbolt™ 3 upstream 
port.
After you have completed connecting the DisplayPort/HDMI cable, follow the p
rocedures below to connect the USB Type -C to Type-A cable to the computer 
and complete your monitor setup:
1.Conne ct the computer: connect the Thun derbolt™ 3 upstream port with the 
USB Type-C end of the cable (cable supplied).
2.C onnect the USB Type-A end of the cable to an appropriate USB port on your 
computer.
3.Conne ct the USB peripherals to the SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 
Gen 1/2) downstream ports on the monitor. 
NOTE: The transfer speed for this connection is 5 Gbps.
4.Pl ug the power cables for your computer and monitor into a nearby outlet.
5.Turn On the monitor and the computer. 
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display an image
, see Common Problems.40/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the Monitor6.Use the cable slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
NOTE: The USB connection only offe rs USB data tran sfer in this 
scenario.
CAUTION: The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. 
Appearance of the computer may vary.
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See 
Connecting Your Monitor for cable attachment,) organize all cables as shown above.Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null41Attaching the I/O Cover
Align and place the I/O Cover within the recess compartment.
NOTE: Ensure that all cables pass through cable-management clip on 
the monitor.42/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting Up the MonitorRemoving the Monitor Stand
NOTE: To prevent the curved LCD screen from being scratched and 
damaged while removing the stand, ensure that the monitor is placed 
on a soft, clean foam. Direct cont act with hard objects might cause 
damage to the curved monitor.
NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the set-up instructions.
To remove the stand:
1.Pl
ace the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2.Pr ess and hold the stand release button.3.Pr
ess and lift the cover latch to release and remove the cover.
Setting Up the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null43Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come wi th the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1.Pl ace the monitor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.2.Re
move the stand.3.Use
 a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the 
plastic cover.
4.A ttach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.5.Moun
t the monitor on the wall by follow ing the instructions that comes with 
the wall mounting kit.
NOTE: For use only with UL-liste d wall mount bracket with minimum 
weight/load bearing capacity of 45.24 kg.44/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorOperating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the Power Button  to turn on the monitor.
Using the Joystick Control
Use the Joystick  control on the rear of the mo nitor to make OSD adjustments.
1.Press the Joystick  button to launch the OSD main menu.
2.Mo ve the Joystick  up/down/left/right to toggle between options.
3.Pr ess the Joystick  button again to confirm the settings and exit.
Joystick Description
• When the OSD menu is on, press the button to 
confirm the selection or save the settings.
• When the OSD menu is off, press the button to 
l
aunch the OSD main menu. See Accessing the 
Menu System.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null45Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu Launcher
Press or toggle the Joys tick to launch the Menu Launcher.
The following table describes the Menu Launcher functions:• For 2-way (right and left) directional navigation.
• Move right to enter the submenu.
• Move left to exit from the submenu.
• For 2-way (up and down) directional navigation.• Toggles between the menu items.
• Increases (up) or decreases (down) the parameters 
o
f selected menu item.
Menu Launcher Icon Description
1
Shortcut key/
Input SourceSelect this icon to set the Input So urce .
2
Shortcut key/
Calibrate NowSelect this icon to start the color calibration 
pr
ocess.46/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorAccessing the Menu System
NOTE: If you change the settings an d then either proceed to another 
menu or exit the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those 
changes. The changes are also save d if you change the settings and 
then wait for the OSD menu to disappear.3
Shortcut key/
Display InfoSelect this icon to display the monitor’s current 
st
atus.
4
Shortcut key/
Color SpaceSelect this icon to set Co lor Space  setting.
5
Shortcut key/
Validate NowSelect this icon to start the color validation pr
ocess.
6
MenuSelect this icon to launch the On-Screen Display (O
SD). See Accessing the Menu System .
7
ExitSelect this icon to exit the OSD main menu.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null47Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Color Use Co lor to adjust the color setting mode.
48/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorColor Space When you select Color Space , you can choose one of 
the following: S1: DCI P3 D65 G2.4 L100 , S2: BT.709 
D65 BT.1886 L100 , S3: BT.2020 D65 BT.1886 L100 , 
S4: sRGB D65 sRGB L120, S5: Adobe RGB D65 G2.2 L160 , S6: Adobe RGB D50 G2.2 L160 , Native , 
H1: HDR10 D65 ST.2084(PQ) L1000 , H2: HDR D65 
HLG L1000 , User 1 , User 2 , User 3 , CAL 1 , or CAL 2 .
NOTE: The factory preset mode S1: DCI P3 D65 G2.4 
L100  differs from DCI-P3 spec (P3 White point, 48 cd/
m2). 
NOTE: User may use either User 1 , User 2 , or User 3 
to set preferred color space parameter. E.g.: Color 
Space  > User 1  > Color Gamut  (DCI-P3) > White 
Point  (D50) > Gamma  (2.6) > Luminance  
(48 cd/m2). 
Manual HDR mode without color volume metadata 
presented in video content may be achieved via User 1 , 
User 2 , or User 3 , allowing force selection of HDR 
EOTF between ST.2084(PQ) and HLG.
NOTE: Calibrate User 1 , User 2 , or User 3  settings 
directly to CAL 1  or CAL 2 .
NOTE: Factory Reset  will not remove calibrated data. 
User may go to Color  > Color Space  > Reset Color 
Space S#  (1~6) to manually remove selected 
calibration data. Calibration data of CAL 1  and CAL 2  
cannot be removed from the OSD.
NOTE: HDR color space options are available only 
when HDR input source is detected.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null49Reset Color Reset your monitor color settings to the factory 
se
ttings.
Luminance Luminance adjusts th e luminance of the backlight.
Togg l e the Joystick  up to increase the luminance and 
toggle the Joystick  down to decrease the luminance 
(min. 45 / max. 350).
NOTE: Ch anges made in Luminance  menu will not be 
saved in the preset color space.
NOTE: Luminance  is grayed out when Color Space  is 
set to CAL 1  or CAL 2 .50/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorInput Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the 
different video signals that may be connected to your 
monitor.
Thunderbolt 
(90 W)Select the Thunderb olt (90 W) input when you are 
using the Thunderbolt™ 3 connector. Press the Joystick
 to select the Thunderbolt (90 W)  input 
source.
DP Select the DP input when you are using the DisplayPort 
(DP) connector. Press the Joystick  to select the DP 
input source.
HDMI 1 Select the HDM I 1 input when you are using the HDMI 1 
connector. Press the Joystick  to select the HDMI 1  
input source.
HDMI 2 Select the HDM I 2 input when you are using the 
HDMI 2 connector. Press the Jo ystick  to select the 
HDMI 2  input source.
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available input sour
ces.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null51Auto Select for 
Thunderbolt 
(90 W)Allows you to set Aut o Select for Thunderbolt 
(90 W)  to :
• Pr ompt for Multiple Inputs : Always displays the 
“Switch to Thunderbolt Video Input”  message 
for you to choose whether to switch or not.
•Ye s : Always switch to Thunderbolt (90 W)  video 
input (without asking) when the Thunderbolt™ 3 
Active cable is connected.
•No: N ever automatically switch to Thunderbolt 
(90 W)  vi deo input when the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active 
cable is connected.
NOTE: Auto Select for Thunderbolt (90 W)  is only 
available when Auto Select  is turned On.
Rename Inputs Allows you to rename the input source.
Reset Input 
Sour
ceReset your monitor input settings to the factory se
ttings.
Display Use Disp lay to adjust images.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Au to Resize , 17:9, 16:9, or 
Pixel-for-Pixel .52/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorDigital Cinema 
MaskingAdjusts the Digital Cinema Masking  to Entire DCI 
Container , DCI 1.85:1 , DCI 2.39:1 , DCI 2.35:1 or 
Masking Opacity .
NOTE: When Masking Opacity  is selected, toggle the 
Joystick  up or down to adjust the level.
Markers Adjusts the Markers  to No Markers , 1.85:1 , 2.39:1 , 
2.35:1 , 2:1, 1:1, 16:9 Extraction , 16:9 Action Safe , 
16:9 Title Safe , 4:3 Extraction , 4:3 Action Safe , 4:3 
Titl e Safe , Center Crosshair , or Thirds.
Marker Color Adjusts the Marker Color  to Gray , Red, Green , or 
Blue .
Set Video Data 
RangeAdjusts the Set Video Data Range  to Auto , Full, or 
Limited .
Overscan 
Frame by 5%Allows you to set the Overscan Frame by 5%  On or 
Off.
NOTE: This function will only apply to the main window 
in PBP Mode .
Show Blue 
Channel onlyAllows you to set the Show Blue Channel only  to On 
or Off.
NOTE: This function will only apply to the main window 
in PBP Mode .
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. 
Togg l e the Joystick  up or down to adjust the sharpness 
from '0' to '100'.Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null53Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal , 
Fast , or Off.
NOTE: The Response Time  will automatically reset to 
panel default during calibration and validation to ensure color accuracy.
NOTE: Response time selection:
4K:
• 24 Hz, 30 Hz (Response time selectable)
• 48 Hz, 50 Hz (Response time not selectable)
Non-4K:
• 24 Hz, 30 Hz, 48 Hz, 50 Hz, 60Hz (Response time 
selectable)
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen uniformity compensation settings. On is 
factory calibrated setting by default. Uniformity 
Compensation  adjusts different areas of the screen 
with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness and color over the entire screen. 
NOTE: User is advised to use factory default luminance 
setting when Uniformity Compensation  is turned on. 
For other luminance level setting, the uniformity performance may deviate from the data shown on the Factory Calibration Report.
HDR The HDR (High Dynamic Range) feature enhances the display output by optimally adjusting contrast and the ranges of color and luminosity to resemble true-to-life visuals. The default setting is On. 
NOTE: HDR  must be turned On to enable input 
devices to output HDR signal.
NOTE: When the monitor is processing HDR content, 
Color Space  and Luminance  will be disabled.
Reset Display Select this option to restore default display settings.54/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorPBP This function brings up a wi ndow displaying image from 
another input source.
X X X X X X X X Main WindowSub-Window
Thunderbolt (90 W)
DPThunderbolt (90 W) DP
HDMI 1HDMI 1
HDMI 2HDMI 2Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null55PBP Mode Adjusts the PBP  (P icture by Picture) mode to AA, AB, 
or Off.
Press the Joysti ck to enable PBP mode.
56/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorPBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be 
connected to your monitor for the PBP sub-window. Press the Joystick  to select the PBP sub-window 
source signal.
PBP Input 
Source ToggleSelect to toggle between the input sources in PBP mod
e. Press the Joystick to switch between input 
sources in PBP mode.
NOTE: N ot available when PBP  mode is set to AA.
Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and sub-
windo
w in PBP mode. Press the Joystick  to swap main 
window and sub-window.
Gamma (Sub) Adjusts the Gamma ( Sub)  to 1.6, 1.8, 2.0, 2.2, 2.4, 
2.6, BT.1886 , sRGB , or Native .
NOTE: N ot available when Color Gamut (Sub)  is set 
to Native .
White Point 
(S
ub)Adjusts the Whit e Point (Sub)  to D50, D55, D60, 
D63, D65, D93, or Native .
NOTE: N ot available when Color Gamut (Sub)  is set 
to Native .
Color Gamut 
(S
ub)Adjusts the Co lor Gamut (Sub)  to DCI P3 , BT.709 , 
BT.2020 , sRGB , Adobe RGB , or Native .Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null57Sharpness 
(Sub)Adjust the sharpness level of the picture in PBP Mode.
Togg l e the Jo ystick  up or down to adjust the 
sharpness.
Audio Allows you to set the audio source from the main 
windo
w or the sub-window.
Video Data 
Ra
ngeAdjusts the  Vid eo Data Range  to Auto , Full, or 
Limited .
Reset PBP Select this option to restore default PBP  se ttings.
Calibration Perform color calibration with the built-in colorimeter.
Calibrate Now Allows you to start color calibration.
NOTE: Se lect desired calibration targets before starting 
calibration process.
NOTE: Wh en using a supported external colorimeter, 
ensure that it is plugged into the dedicated USB port before starting calibration process.58/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorCalibration 
TargetsAllows you to set the calibration target to S1: DCI P3 
D65 G2.4 L100 , S2: BT.709 D65 BT.1886 L100 , 
S3: BT.2020 D65 BT.1886 L100 , S4: sRGB D65 
sRGB L120 , S5: Adobe RGB D65 G2.2 L160 , 
S6: Adobe RGB D50 G2.2 L160 , H1: HDR10 D65 
ST.2084(PQ) L1000 , H2: HDR D65 HLG L1000 , User 
1, User 2 , User 3 , CAL 1 , or CAL 2 .
NOTE: The following Color Space  options are not 
available as calibration targets: Native , User 1 , User 2 , 
and User 3 .
Flash Color 
Patches During 
Warm-upAllows you to set the Flash Color Patches During 
Warm-up  to Yes or No.
Calibration 
SpeedAllows you to set the calibration speed to Express or 
Comprehensive .
NOTE: When Express  is selected, the calibration time 
is approximately 4 minutes. When Comprehensive  is 
selected, the calibration time is approximately 10 minutes. 
Calibration 
Warm Up TimeSet the warm up time to 20 mins  or 30 mins .
Built-in 
Colorimeter 
ProfileAllows you to set the Built-in Colorimeter Profile  to 
Default  or Correlated  (correlated with external 
colorimeter).
Switching the profile may cause inconsistent result to previous calibration. It is recommended to re-calibrate the monitor after switching profile.
NOTE: User can apply different calibrator profiles. To 
select Correlated  profile, user must correlate the 
monitor with an external colorimeter via Calman Ready/Calman Powered first. When correlation is under processing, Calman Ready/Calman Powered will drive the monitor’s internal calibrator to the position and start the process with the external colorimeter. After completing the complement of the correlation, Calman Ready/Calman Powered will set the correlation parameters to the monitor to enable this item.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null59Calibration 
Module PowerAllows you to set the Ca libration Module Power  to 
On or Off
 .
NOTE: Calibration Module Power  mus t be On to 
enable Calibration  function.
Correlate with 
Ext
ernal 
ColorimeterAllows you to examine the most recent correlated 
ca
libration results processed by an external colorimeter.
Show Last 
Ca
libration 
ResultsAllows you to examine the most recent calibration re
sults.
Reset 
Ca
librationSelect this option to restore default Ca libration  
settings.
Validation Perform validation on color calibration with the built-in co
lorimeter.
Validate Now Allows you to start color validation.
NOTE: Se lect desired validation targets before starting 
calibration process.
NOTE: Wh en using a supported external colorimeter, 
ensure that it is plugged into the dedicated USB port before starting validation process.
NOTE: It 
is recommended to always use the same 
colorimeter for calibration and validation.60/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorValidation 
TargetsAllows you to set the validation target to S1: DCI P3 
D65 G2.4 L100 , S2: BT.709 D65 BT.1886 L100 , 
S3: BT.2020 D65 BT.1886 L100 , S4 : sRGB D65 
sRGB L120 , S5: Adobe RGB D65 G2.2 L160 , 
S6: Adobe RGB D50 G2.2 L160 , H1: HDR10 D65 
ST.2084(PQ) L1000 , H2: HDR D65 HLG L1000 , CAL 
1*, or CAL 2* .
*For targets supported by built-in calibration.
Auto 
R
ecalibrate if
 ΔE2000 > 2Allows you to set the A uto Recalibrate if ΔE2000 > 2 
to Yes or No.
NOTE: Func tion name on your display may vary.
Flash Color 
Pa
tches During 
Warm-upAllows you to set the Fl ash Color Patches During 
Warm-up  to Yes  or No.
Calibration 
Mod
ule PowerAllows you to set the Ca libration Module Power  to 
On or Off
 .
NOTE: Calibration Module Power  mus t be On to 
enable Validation  function.
Show Last 
Va
lidation 
ResultsAllows you to examine the most recent validation 
re
sults.
Reset 
Va
lidationSelect this option to restore default Va lidation  
settings.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null61Scheduler Set schedule for auto calibration or validation. Allows 
yo
u to set Scheduler  to Off, Calibration , Validation , 
or Calibration + Validation . 
Schedule 
SessionsAllows you to set the Schedu le Sessions  to Every 
200 Hours  or at user preferred interval ( Quarterly , 
Monthly , Weekly , or Daily ).
Operation 
Mod
eAllows you to set the Oper ation Mode  to Prompt 
before starting session  or Carry out in sleep mode .62/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorMenu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, 
such as, the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Language  op tions set the OSD display to one of the 
eight languages (English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese or Japanese).
Auto Rotation Allows you to set the monitor Au
 to Rotation  to On or 
Off.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by to
ggling the Joystick up or down (Minimum: 0 ~ 
Maximum: 100).
Timer OSD Hold Time : se ts the length of time the OSD will 
remain active after the last time you pressed a button.
Togg l e the Joys tick up or down to adjust the slider in 1 
second increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null63Lock With the control buttons on the monitor locked, you can 
pr
event people from accessing the controls. It also 
prevents accidental activation in multiple monitors side-by-side setup.
•Menu Buttons : All Joystick  functions (except the 
Power Button ) are locked and not accessible by the 
user.
•Po wer Button : Only the Power Button  is locked 
and not accessible by the user.
•Menu + Power Buttons: Both the Joystick  & 
Power Button  are locked and not accessible by the 
user.
•Co lor Custom Settings : Color  menu settings are 
locked and not accessible by the user.
The default setting is Disab le. 
Alternative Lock Method [for Joysti ck]: You can also 
toggle and hold the Joystick  to the left for 4 seconds 
to set the lock options.
NOTE: T o unlock, toggle and hold the Joystick  to the 
left for 4 seconds.
Reset Menu Reset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.64/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorPersonalize
Shortcut Key 1 Allows you to choose a feature from Co lor Space , 
Luminance , Input Source , Aspect Ratio , Digital 
Cinema Masking , Markers , PBP Mode , PBP Input 
Source Toggle , Video Swap , Calibrate Now , Show 
Last Calibration Results , Validation , Show Last 
Validation Results , or Display Info  and set it as a 
shortcut key.Shortcut Key 2
Shortcut Key 3
Shortcut Key 4
Shortcut Key 5
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator on or off to 
s
ave energy.
USB-C 
Ch
arging 
  
90 WAllows you to enable or disable the A lways On USB 
Type-C Charging  function during monitor Power Off 
mode.
Other USB 
Ch
argingAllows you to enable or disable USB Type-A and USB T
ype-C Downstream Ports charging function during 
monitor standby mode.
NOTE: This op tion is only available when the USB 
Type-C (Upstream Port) cable is unplugged. If the USB 
Type-C cable is connected, Other USB Charging  
follows the USB host power status and the option is not accessible.
Fast Wakeup Allows you to set the Fas
 t Wakeup  function to On or 
Off
 .Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null65Warm Up Time 
before UseAllows you to turn the monitor warm up On or Of f, or 
set it to automatically activate at the scheduled Day 
and Time . The default is Off.
Reset 
Pe
rsonalizationReset all settings under the Pe rsonalize  menu to the 
factory preset values
Others
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
Set Date and 
Ti
meSet the date and time for the monitor.
NOTE: Pl ease sync the date and time when:
•Se tting up the monitor for the first time.
•Monitor has been disconnected from power for 
more than 10 days.66/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorDDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) 
allows your monitor parameters (brightness, color 
balance, and etc.) to be adjustable via the software on your computer. 
You can disable this feature by selecting Of
 f.
Enable this feature for best user experience and op
timum performance of your monitor.
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. D
epending on the degree of image retention, the 
program may take some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null67OSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a part icular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
This means that the monitor cannot synchron ize  with the signal that it is receiving 
from the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical 
frequency ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 3840 x 2160.Firmware Displays the firmware version of your monitor.
Service Tag Displays the service tag serial number of your monitor.
Acknowledge 
SDK acce
ssAllows you to set the A cknowledge SDK access  
function to On or Off.
Reset Others Reset all settings under the Oth ers menu to the factory 
preset values.
Factory Reset Reset all settings to the factory preset values.
NOTE: Th e following settings will not reset after 
Factory Reset : Calibration and validation data, 
language, and date and time.68/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorYou will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
You will see the following message before the Lock  function is activated:
NOTE: The message may be slightly di fferent according to the selected 
settings.
When the monitor enters the S tandby Mode , the following message appears:
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null69If you press any button other than the Power Button , the following message will 
appear depending on the selected input:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
If either Th underbolt (90 W) , HDMI , or DP input is selected and the 
corresponding cable is not connected, a floating dialog box as shown below 
appears.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
When the monitor is under DP/HDMI input and a Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable is 
connected to a notebo ok that supports DP Alternate Mode, if Auto Select for 
Thunderbolt (90 W)  is enabled, the following message appears:
70/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorWhen Factory Reset is selected, the following message appears:
When Yes is selected, the following message appears:
See Troub l eshooting  for more information.Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null71Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum reso lution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1:
1.For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2.Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3.Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3840 x 2160 .
4.Click OK.
In Windows® 10:
1.Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2.Click Advanced display settings .
3.Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3840 x 2160 .
4.Click Apply .
If you do not see 3840 x 2160 as an op tion, you may need to check whether your 
graphic card supports 4K@60 Hz. If it  does support 4K@60 Hz, update your 
graphic driver. If it does not support 4K@60 Hz, depending on your computer, 
complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•G o  t o  http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell comp uter (portable or desktop):
• Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest graphic 
drivers.
• Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic drivers.72/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorPerforming Color Calibration
Perform Calibration  with the built-in colorimeter to  calibrate the color of your 
monitor.
Using the OSD menu
1.Using th e OSD menu, set the calibration criteria based on your preference. 
Then select Calibrate Now .
2.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null733.Calibration will start automatically.
Using the Shortcut Key with video signal
1.Pr ess the Joystick to display the shortcut keys.
2.Se lect the 
  icon.
3.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
74/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the Monitor4.Calibration will start automatically.
Using the Shortcut Key without video signal
You can perform calibration for the monitor without acq uiring an input signal from 
the computer.
1.Pr ess the Joystick  to display the OSD menu.
2.To gg l e to the Calibration  menu and set the calibration criteria based on your 
preference. Then select Calibrate Now .
Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null753.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
4.Calibration will start automatically.
NOTE: Calibration at Portrait Mode is not supported .
NOTE: For detailed functionality, see Calibration .76/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorStopping the Calibration Process
You can stop the calibrati on process at any time.
1.Durin g calibration process, press the Joystick, the following message 
appears.
2.Select Yes to stop the process.
Performing Color Validation
Perform Validation  on color calibration with the built-in colorimeter. 
Using the OSD menu
1.Using th e OSD menu, set the validation criteria based on your preference. 
Then select Validate Now  to start the validation process.
Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null772.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
3.Validation will start automatically.
Using the shortcut key with video signal
1.Pr ess the Joystick to display the shortcut keys.
2.Se lect the 
  icon.
78/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the Monitor3.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
4.Validation will start automatically.
Using the shortcut key without video signal
You can perform validation for the monitor without acq uiring an input signal from 
the computer.
1.Pr ess the Joystick  to display the OSD menu.
2.To gg l e to the Validation  menu and set the validation  criteria based on your 
preference. Then select Validate Now .Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null793.The following message appears, select Yes to continue the process.
4.Validation will start automatically.
NOTE: Validation at Portrait Mode is not supported.
NOTE: For detailed functionality, see Validation .80/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorStopping the Validation Process
You can stop the validation process at any time.
1.During validation process, press the Joystick, the following message appears.
2.Select Yes to stop the process.Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null81Requirements to view or playback HDR content
(1) via Ultra BluRay DVD or Game consoles
Ensure the DVD player and Game consoles are HDR capable, e.g. Panasonic 
DMP-UB900, x-Box One S, PS4 Pro. Download and install the appropriate graphics card drivers (for PC applications), see below.
(2) via PC
Ensure the graphics card used is HDR capable, i.e., HDMI2.0a (with HDR option) compliant and HDR graphics driver is installed. HDR capable player application 
must be used, e.g. Cyberlink PowerDVD 17, Windows 10 Movies and TV app.
For example Dell XPS 8910, Alienware Aurora R5, bundled with the below 
graphics cards.
Dell Graphics driver with HDR support: Refer to Dell support page to download 
the latest graphics driver that supports HDR playback for your PC/Notebook.
Nvidia
HDR capable Nvidia graphics cards: GTX1 070, GTX1080, P5000, P6000, etc. For 
a full range of HDR capable Nvidia graphics cards, refer to Nvidia website 
www.nvidia.com
Driver that supports Full Screen Playback mode (e.g. PC games, UltraBluRay 
players), HDR on Win 10 Redstone 2 OS: 381.65 or later.
AMD
HDR capable AMD graphics cards: RX480, RX470, RX460, WX7100, WX5100, 
WX4100, etc. For a full range of HDR capable AMD graphics cards, refer to 
www.amd.com . Check HDR driver support information and download the latest 
driver from www.amd.com
Intel (Integrated Graphics)
HDR capable system: CannonLake or later
Suitable HDR player: Window s 10 Movies and TV app
OS with HDR support: Windows 10 Redstone 3
Driver with HDR support: visit downloadcenter.intel.com  for the latest HDR 
driver
3.HDR playback via OS (e.g. playback of HDR in a window within 
desktop) requires Win 10 Redstone 2 or later with appropriate player applications, e.g. PowerDVD17. Pl aying back protected content will 
require appropriate DRM software and/or hardware, e.g. Microsoft 
Playready™. Refer to Microsoft website for HDR support information.82/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorUsing the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other 
stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Til t, Swive l
With the stand attached to the monitor, yo u can tilt 
 and swivel the monitor for the 
most comfortable viewing angle.
NOTE: The stand is detached when  the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.Operating the Monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null83Vertical Extension
NOTE: The stand extends vertically up to 160 mm. The figure below 
illustrates how to extend the stand vertically.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monito r, y our monitor should be fully vertically extended 
(Vertical Extension ) and fully tilted up to avoid hitting the bott om edge of the 
monitor.
84/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the MonitorRotate clockwise
Rotate counterclockwise
Troub l eshooting /.null /.null│/.null /.null85Troubleshooting
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your 
monitor is functioning properly. If yo ur monitor and computer are properly 
connected but the monitor screen remain s dark, run the monitor self-test by 
performing the following steps:
1.T urn off both your computer and the monitor.
2.Unp lug the video cable from the back of the computer.3.T
urn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
mon
itor cannot sense a video signal and is  working correctly. While in self-test 
mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, the 
dialog shown below will continuo usly scroll through the screen.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
4.T his box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable 
becomes disconnected or damaged.
5.T urn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank afte r y ou use the previous procedure, check 
your video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.86/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub leshootingBuilt-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool  that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inhere nt problem with your monitor, or with 
your computer and video card.
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1.Ensur e that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the 
screen).
2.T oggle and hold the Joystick  to the left for 4 seconds, the following message 
appears:
Troub l eshooting /.null /.null│/.null /.null873.Togg l e the Joystick  to highlight the Diagnostics icon, then press the 
Joystick , and a gray screen appears.
4.Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5.Pr ess the Joystick  again. The color of the screen changes to red.
6.Insp ect the display for any abnormalities.
7.R epeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and 
text screens.
The test is complete wh en the text scre en appe ars. To exit, press the Joystick  
again.88/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub l eshootingAlways On USB Type-C (Thunderbolt™) Charging
The monitor allows you to charge your notebook or mobile devices through the 
Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable even when the monitor is powered off. See USB-C 
Charging 90 W  for more information. You may need to update to the latest 
firmware for this featur e to fu nction properly.
Firmware update
You may verify your current firmware revision in Firmware . If this is not available, 
go to the Dell download su pp ort site for the latest application installer ( Monitor 
Firmware Update Utility.exe ) and refer to the Firmware Update Instruction 
User’s Guide: www.dell.com/UP3221Q
If the firmware update pro cess  is not completed properly , when you try to turn on 
the monitor, a warning message appears:
Refer to instructions in the Firmware Up date Instruction User’s Guide and update 
the monitor’s firmware again. Do not turn off the Firmware Update Utility tool until 
the update is complete.Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null89Common Problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems 
you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power LED off No picture • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the Power Button  is pressed 
fully.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
No Video/
Power LED onNo picture or no brightness • Increase brightness & contrast controls via 
OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, blurry, or ghosting • Eliminate video extension cables.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Change the video resolution to the correct 
aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery Video Wavy picture or fine movement • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Check environmental factors.
• Relocate the monitor and test in another 
room.
• Dell monitors are designed to work optimally 
with Dell supplied inbox cables. Dell does not guarantee the video quality and performance when using non-Dell cables.90/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingMissing Pixels LCD screen 
has spots•C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural 
defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
http://www.dell.co m/pixelguidelines .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen 
has bright spots•C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural 
defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
http://www.dell.co m/pixelguidelines .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim or too bright • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness & contrast controls via 
OSD.
Geometric Distortion Screen not centered correctly • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.
Horizontal/Vertical Lines Screen has one or more lines • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check and 
determine if these lines are also in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization Problems Screen is scrambled or appears torn • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Restart the computer in the safe mode .Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null91Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of smoke or sparks • Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•C o n t a c t  D e l l  i m m e d i a t e l y .
Intermittent Problems Monitor malfunctions on & off • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing color • Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not good • Change the settings of the Color Space  in 
the Color menu OSD depending on the 
application.
• Set the parameters of User 1 , User2 , or 
User 3  of the Color Space  to user preferred 
settings.
• Calibrate the monitor with the built-in 
colorimeter.
Image retention from a static image left on the monitor for a long period of timeFaint shadow from the static image displayed appears on the screen• Use the Power Management feature to turn 
off the monitor at all times when not in use (for more information, see 
Power 
Management Modes ).
• Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Image Ghosting Fast moving images leave a trail of shadow images• Change the Response Time in the Display  
menu.92/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub l eshootingProduct Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
Screen image 
is t
oo smallImage is cen
tered on 
screen, but does not fill entire viewing area• Check the As
 pect Ratio  setting in the 
Display menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust the monit
or 
with the buttons on the front panelOSD does not appe
ar on the 
screen• Turn Off the monitor, unplug the power cord, 
p
lug it back, and then turn On the monitor.
• Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If 
y
es, toggle and hold the Joystick  for 4 
seconds to unlock (for more information, see 
Lock ).
No Input Signal whe
n user 
controls are pressedNo picture, the LED 
light 
is white• Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is no
t in the Standby Mode by moving the 
mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
p
roperly. Re-plug the signal cable if 
necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.
The picture d
oes not fill 
the entire screenThe picture canno
t fill the 
height or width of the screen• Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) 
o
f DVDs, the monitor may display in full 
screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.No video in 
PBP mode at HDMI port when playing movie contentWhen connec
ted to 
some docking device at HDMI port, there is no video at PBP mode after the monitor is turned Off and then turned On again.• Unplug/plug HDMI cable from docking device 
outp
ut.
No video at HDMI
 portWhen connec
ted to 
some docking device at HDMI port, there is no video when unplug/plug Thunderbolt™ cable from the Notebook.• Unplug the HDMI cable from docking device, 
then 
plug the docking Thunderbolt™ cable to 
Notebook. Plug the HDMI cable 7 seconds later.
Troub l eshooting /.null /.null│/.null /.null9394/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingUniversal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
USB interface is not working USB peripherals are not working• Unplug/plug Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable.
• Check that your monitor is turned On.
• Reconnect the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable 
to your computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Switch Off and then turn On the monitor 
again.
• Reboot the computer.
• Some USB devices like external portable HDD 
require higher electric current; connect the device directly to the computer system.
Thunderbolt™ 3 port does not supply power USB peripherals can not be charged• Check that the connected device is compliant 
with the Thunderbolt™ 3 specification. The Thunderbolt™ 3 port supports USB 3.2 with speeds up to 10 Gbps and an output of 90 W.
• Check that you use the Thunderbolt™ 3 
Active cable shipped with your monitor.
No video 
when using Thunderbolt™ 3 connection after DC On/Off, wake up from SleepNo picture is showing • Unplug/plug Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable.
• Check that the connected device is compliant 
with Thunderbolt™ 3 specification.
• Check that the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable 
connected from the computer to the USB-C upstream port on the monitor.
• Use the Thunderbolt™ 3 Active cable that 
was shipped with the monitor.
• In Windows, click on the Thunderbolt™ logo 
in Windows system tray (located at bottom right corner of the screen). Under Approve Thunderbolt Devices, select “Always Connect” for this monitor.Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null95No video when 
using USB-C DP Alt-Mode connection after DC On/Off, wake up from SleepNo picture is showing • Unplug/plug USB-C cable.
• The monitor ships with a Thunderbolt™ 3 
Active cable. This cable does not work with a USB-C DP Alt-Mode source. If you are using a computer with USB-C DP Alt-Mode connection, please purchase a USB-C DP cable separately. 
SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2) interface is slowSuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2) peripherals working slowly or not working at all• Check that your computer is SuperSpeed 
USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2)-capable.
• Some computers have USB 2.0 and USB 1.1 
ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Reboot the computer.
Wireless mouse is not working or laggingDo not respond or responds slowly• Increase the distance between the USB 
peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
• Position your wireless USB receiver as close 
as possible to the wireless mouse.
• Use a USB-extender cable to position the 
wireless USB receiver as far away as possible from the SuperSpeed USB 5/10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen 1/2) port.96/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAppendixAppendix
WARNING:  Safety Instructions
WARNING: Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than 
those specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions , see the Safety, Environmental, and 
Regulatory Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory info rmation, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States , call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
NOTE: If you do not have  an active Internet connection, you can find 
contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service 
options. Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
• Online technical assistance ─ www.dell.com/support/monitors
•C o n t a c t i n g  D e l l  ─ www.dell.com/contactdellAppendix /.null /.null│/.null /.null97Video and USB Support over USB-C
Video resolution and USB support when  connecting to monitor via USB-C.
Video USB
Connection 
on host 
comput
erUpstream 
Cab
le used 
(Host 
computer to 
Monitor 
port 6)4K
(Dir
ect 
connect)4K
(Dais
y- 
chained)TBT3 
de
vice 
connected 
to TBT3 
down-
stream 
(Monitor 
port 7)USB-C 
de
vice 
connected 
to TBT3 
down-
stream 
(Monitor 
port 7)USB 
de
vice 
connected 
to USB-A 
down-
stream 
(Monitor 
port 8)
USB-A USB A-to-C*
USB-C 
(Da
ta only)USB-C 
MF
DP
TBT3 
P
assive
TBT3 
A
ctive*
USB-C 
(M
FDP)USB-C 
MF
DP
TBT3 
P
assive
TBT3 
A
ctive*
TBT3USB-C 
MF
DP
TBT3 
P
assive
TBT3 
A
ctive*
* Cable shipped with monitor.
NOTE: TBT3 is the abbreviation of Thunderbolt™ 3.
NOTE: Refer to Bottom View  for monitor port assignment.
NOTE: Refer to Connecting the monitor for Thunderbolt™ Multi-
Stream Transport (MST) function  for Daisy chain connection.No No No USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2
No No No US B2.0USB2.0/
3.2
No No No US B2.0USB2.0/
3.2
No No USB 2.0 USB2.0 USB2.0
Yes No No USB2.0 USB2.0
Yes No No USB2.0 USB2.0
No No USB 2.0 USB2.0 USB2.0
Yes No No USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2
Yes No Ye s USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2
Yes Yes Yes USB2.0USB2.0/
3.2Region Link
https:/ /www.dell.com/en-us/shop/accessories/apd/a9905599
https:/ /www.dell.com/en-us/shop/accessories/apd/a9905597
https:/ /www.dell.com/en-us/shop/accessories/apd/a9269731
https:/ /www.belkin.com/us/p/P-F2CD081/
https:/ /www.delock.com/produkte/G_84846/merkmale.html/
https:/ /www.hama.cz/hama-kabel - thunderbolt-3-usb-c-typ-c-
vidlice--vidlice-20-gb-s-100-w-1-m/
https:/ /www.lindy-international.com/Thunderbolt-3-Cable-
2m.h
tm?websale8=ld0101.ld020102&pi=41557
https:/ /www.lindy.com.tw/ecommerce/cable-adapter/t
hunderbolt3/41557.html
98/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAppendixPurchasing a Thunderbolt™ 3 Passive Cable
NOTE: The links are for your referenc e only, and are subject to change 
without notice.Dell 
We
bsite
US
EMEA
AsiaDell UltraSharp 38 Curved USB-C 
Hub Monitor - U3821DW
User’s Guide
Model: U3821DW
Regulatory model: U3821DWbNOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss 
of data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2021 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved.  Dell, EMC, and other trademarks 
are trademarks of Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. Othe r trademarks may be trademarks of their respective 
owners.
2021 - 01
Rev. A00/.null/.null│/.null/.null3Contents
About your monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Package contents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Product features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Identifying parts and controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Front view . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Back view  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10Bottom view . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
Monitor specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
Resolution specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
Supported video modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15
Preset display modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Electrical specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Physical characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17Environmental characteristics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
Pin assignments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19
Plug and play capability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Universal Serial Bus (USB) interface . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB3.2 Gen1)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
USB Type-C  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21USB 3.2 upstream connector . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22USB 3.2 downstream connector . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22USB Type-C connector . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23USB ports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
RJ45 connector  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Supported OS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
LCD monitor quality and pixel policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Maintenance guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 264/.null/.null│/.null/.nullCleaning your monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Setting up the monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27
Attaching the stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Connecting your monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Connecting the DisplayPort (DisplayPort to DisplayPort) cable. . 31
Connecting the HDMI cable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32Connecting the USB Type-C cable  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33Connecting the super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) cable . . 33Connecting the monitor for RJ45 Cable (optional) . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Organizing your cables. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Removing the monitor stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36VESA wall mounting (optional)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Operating the monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Power on the monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Using the joystick control  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu  . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Accessing the Menu Launcher. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Using the navigation keys  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40Accessing the menu system  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41OSD warning message . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
Setting the maximum resolution  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64
Setting the KVM switch . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
Setting the Auto KVM  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67Using the tilt, swivel, and vertical extension . . . . . . . . . . 69
Tilt, swivel . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
Vertical extension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69Slant adjust . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 70
Troubleshooting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71
Self-test. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 71/.null/.null│/.null/.null5Built-in diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 72
Common problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 74Product specific problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77
Universal Serial Bus (USB) specific problems . . . . . . . . . 79
Speakers Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80
Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
FCC notices (U.S. only) and other regulatory  
information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
Contact Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
EU product database for energy label and product 
information sheet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 816/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorAbout your monitor
Package contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown in the table below. If any 
component is missing, contact Dell techni cal support. For more  information, see 
Contact Dell .
NOTE: Some items may be optional an d may not ship with your monitor. 
Some features may not be available in certain countries.
NOTE: If you are attaching a stand that you purchased from any other 
source, follow the setup instructions that were included  with the stand. 
Display
Stand riser
Stand baseAbout your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null 7Power cable (varies by 
country)
DisplayPort cable (DisplayPort to DisplayPort)
HDMI cable
USB Type-C cable
Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) upstream cable (enables the USB ports on the monitor)
• Quick Setup Guide
•F a c t o r y  c a l i b r a t i o n  r e p o r t
• Safety, Environmental, 
and R
egulatory 
Information8/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitorProduct features
The Dell U3821DW  monitor has an active matrix, Th in-Film Transistor (TFT), Liquid 
Crystal Display (LCD) and LED backlig ht. The monitor features include:
• 95.29 cm (37.52 in.) viewable area (measured diagonally).  
3840 x 1600 (21:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Wide viewing angle to allow viewing fr om a sitting or standing position.
• Color gamut of sRGB 100% and Rec 709 100% with an average Delta E < 2; 
also supports DCI-P3 95%.
• Digital connectivity with DisplayPort, USB Type-C and HDMI.
• Single USB Type-C to supply power (PD 90  W) to a compatible notebook 
while receiving video & data signal.
• Tilt, swivel, height, and slant adjustment capabilities. 
• Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling 
easier setup with an elegant viewing experience.
• Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 
100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Equipped with 1 USB Type-C upstream port, 1 USB Type-C downstream port, 1 
super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type B upstream port, 1 super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type-A downstream charging port, and 3 super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type-A downstream ports.
• USB-C and RJ45 ports enable a single -cable, network-connected experience.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen 
optimization.
• Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) and Picture in Picture (PIP) Select mode.
• The built-in KVM switch allows you to control up to 2 computers from a single 
set of keyboard and mouse connected to the monitor.
• Supports Auto KVM for multiple input setup.
• Power and joystick buttons lock.
• Security lock slot.
• Stand lock.
•< 0.3 W in Standby Mode.
•B u i l t - i n  s p e a k e r s  ( 9  W )  x  2 .
• Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null 9WARNING: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from 
the monitor may cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue, 
digital eye strain, and so on. ComfortView feature is designed to reduce the amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to optimize eye 
comfort.
Identifying parts and controls
Front view
Label Description
1 Power LED indicator
Solid white light indicates that the mo nitor is turned on and functioning 
normally. Blinking white light indicates that the monitor is in Standby 
Mode.10/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorBack view
Back view with monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes (100 mm 
x 10
0 mm - behind attached 
VESA Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-c
ompatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 
100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from the monitor.
4 Barcode, serial number, and Service T
ag labelRefer to this label if you need to c
ontact Dell for technical support.
5 Power On/Off button To turn the monitor on or off.
6 Joystick Use to control the OSD menu. (For mor
e Information, see Operating the 
monitor )
7 Cable-management slot Use to organize cables by inserting 
them 
through the slot.About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null11Bottom view
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 Security lock slot Secures the monitor with security lock 
(
security lock not included).
2 Power connector Connect the power cable (shipped with your monit
or).
3 HDMI port (2) Connect your computer with the HDMI cable (
shipped with your monitor).
4 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6
 mm screw (screw not included).
5 DisplayPort Connect your computer with the DisplayPort cab
le (shipped with your monitor).
6 USB Type-C upstream portConnect the USB Type-C cable that came with y
our monitor to the computer or mobile 
device. This port supports USB Power Delivery, Data, and DisplayPort video signal.
The super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) 
T
ype-C port supports Alternate Mode DP1.4 
with a maximum resolution of 3840 x 1600 at 60 Hz, PD 20  V/4.5  A, 15  V/3 A, 9 V/3 A, 
and 5  V/3 A.
NOTE: USB
  Type-C is not supported on 
versions of Windows prior to Windows 10.12/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitor*Headphone usage is not supported for the audio line out connector.
**To avoid signal interference, when a wi reless USB device has been connected to 
a USB downstream port, it is NOT r ecommended to connect any other USB 
devices to the adjacent port(s).7 Audio line-out port Connect your external speakers.*
8 Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type-B upstream port Connect the USB cable that came with your monitor to the computer. Once this cable is connected, you can use the USB connectors on the monitor.
9 Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type-A downstream port (3)Connect your USB 3.2 Gen1 (5Gbps) device.**
NOTE: To use these ports, you must 
connect the USB cable (shipped with your monitor) to the USB-upstream port on the monitor and to your computer.
10 RJ45 port Supports Ethernet connection 10/100/1000
 Mbps.
11 Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type-A downstream port with Power ChargingConnect your USB device** or charge your device.
NOTE: To use this port, you must connect 
the USB Type-C cable or USB upstream cable (shipped with your monitor) to the USB Type-C upstream port or the USB Type-B upstream port on the monitor and to your computer.
12 USB Type-C downstream port Connect your USB device.**
NOTE: To use this port, you must connect 
the USB Type-C cable or USB upstream cable (shipped with your monitor) to the USB Type-C upstream port or the USB Type-B upstream port on the monitor and to your computer.
13 Speakers Provides audio output.About your monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null13Monitor specifications
Model U3821DW
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Technology
Aspect ratio 21:9
Viewable image
Diagonal
Width (active area)
Height (active area)
Tota l area952.9 mm (37.52 in.) 
890.0 mm (35.04 in.)
387.8 mm (15.27 in.)
345142 mm2 (535.06  in.2)
Pixel pitch 0.22908 mm x 0.22908 mm
Pixel per inch (PPI) 110.87
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 300 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Anti-Glare with 3H hardness
Backlight White LED edgelight system
Response time 8 ms (Normal)
5 ms (Fast)
Curvature R2300 (typical)
Color depth 1.07 billion colors
Color gamut sRGB 100%, Rec 709 100%, DCI-P3 95%
Calibration accuracy sRGB & Rec 709: Delta E < 2 (average)14/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitor*DisplayPort and USB Type-C (Alternate  mode with DisplayPort 1.4): HBR3/
DisplayPort 1.4/DP audio is supported.Connectivity • 2 x HDMI port version 2.0
• 1 x DisplayPort version 1.4
• 1 x USB Type-C upstream port (Alternate mode with 
DisplayPort 1.4, Power Delivery PD up to 90 W)*
• 1 x super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type-B 
upstream port
• 3 x super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) 
downstream port
• 1 x super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) with 
BC1.2 charging capability at 2  A (maximum)
• 1 x USB Type-C downstream port with charging 
capability at 15 W (maximum)
• 1 x audio line-out port
• 1 x RJ45 port
Border width (edge of monitor to active area) 10.5 mm (Top)
10.0 mm (Left/Right)
15.3 mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand
Til t
Swivel
Slant adjust120 mm
-5° to 21°
-30° to 30°
-4° to 4°
NOTE: Do not mount or use this monitor in portrait (vertical) orientation or 
inverse (180°) landscape mount as it may damage the monitor.
Built-in speakers 2 x 9  W sound output
Dell Display Manager compatibility Easy Arrange and other key features
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null15Resolution specifications
Model U3821DW
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 100 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range 56 Hz to 76 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 1600 at 60 Hz
Supported video modes
Model U3821DW
Video display capabilities (HDMI & 
Dis
playPort & USB Type-C 
alternate mode)480p, 480i, 576p, 576i, 720p, 1080i, 1080p
Preset display modes
Display mode Horizontal 
fr
equency 
(kHz)Vertical 
fr
equency 
(Hz)Pixel 
c
lock 
(MHz)Sync 
po
larity 
(Horizontal
/Vertical)
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 59.9 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.1 28.3 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 - R 49.3 59.9 71.0 +/-
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+16/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitor*Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.
Electrical specifications
Model U3821DW
Video input signals HDMI 2.0*/DisplayPort 1.4**, 600 mV for each 
d
ifferential line, 100 ohm input impedance per 
differential pair
AC input voltage/fr
equency/current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 3.0  A 
(typica
l)
Inrush current • 120 V: 40 A (Max.) at 0°C (cold start)
• 240 V: 80 A (Max.) at 0°C (cold start)
Power consumption • 0.3 W (Off mode)1
•0 . 3  W  ( S t a n d b y  M o d e )1
•3 6 . 5  W  ( O n  m o d e )1
•2 3 0  W  ( M a x . )2
•3 3 . 6 4  W  ( P o n )3
• 105.47 kWh (TEC)3
*Not supporting the HDMI 2.0 optional specification, including HDMI Ethernet 
Channel (HEC), Audio Return Channel (ARC), standard for 3D format and 
resolutions, and standard for 4K digital cinema resolution.
**HBR3/DisplayPort 1.4/DP audio is supported.
1 As defined in EU 2019/2021 and EU 2019/2013.
2 Max brightness and contrast setting with maximum power loading on all USB 
ports.
3 Pon: Power consumption of On mode as  defined in Energy Star 8.0 version.  
TEC: Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy Star 8.0 version.
This document is informational only an d reflects laboratory performance. Your 
product may perform differently, depend ing on the software, components and 
peripherals you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information.VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 1600* 98.8 60.0 395.0 +/-About your monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null17Accordingly, the customer should not re ly upon this information in making 
decisions about electrical tolerances or ot herwise. No warranty as to accuracy or 
completeness is expressed or implied.
Physical characteristicsNOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR certified.  
This product qualifies for ENERGY STAR in the factory default settings which can be restored by “Factory Reset” function in the OSD menu. Changing the factory default settings or enabling other fe atures may increase power 
consumption that could exceed the ENERGY STAR specified 
limit.
Model U3821DW
Signal cable type • Digital: DisplayPort, 20 pins 
• Digital: HDMI, 19 pins 
• Universal Series Bus: Type-C, 24 pins
NOTE: Dell monitors are designed to work optimally with the video cables that 
are shipped with your monitor. As Dell does not have control over the different cable suppliers in the market, the type of material, connector and process used to manufacture these cables, Dell does not guarantee video performance on cables that are not shipped with your Dell monitor.
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 563.8 mm (22.20 in.)
Height (compressed) 443.8 mm (17.47 in.)
Width 894.3 mm (35.21 in.)
Depth 251.2 mm (9.89 in.)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 392.3 mm (15.44 in.)
Width 894.3 mm (35.21 in.)
Depth 102.4 mm (4.03 in.)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 438.3 mm (17.26 in.)
Height (compressed) 318.3 mm (12.53 in.)
18/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitorEnvironmental characteristicsWidth 385.0 mm  (15.16 in.)
Depth 251.2 mm (9.89 in.)
Base 385.0 mm x 247.9 mm (15.16 in. x 9.97 in.)
Weight
Weight with packaging 19.9 kg (43.78 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cables13.6 kg (29.98 lb)
Weight without stand assembly (For wall mount or VESA mount considerations - no cables) 8.8 kg (19.40 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 4.33 kg (9.55 lb)
Model U3821DW
Compliant standards
• ENERGY STAR certified monitor
• EPEAT registered where applicable. EPEAT registration varies by country. See 
www.epeat.net  for registration status by country.
• RoHS-compliant
• TCO certified displays
• BFR/PVC free monitor (excluding external cables)
• Arsenic-free glass and Mercury-free for the panel only
Temperature
Operating 0°C to 40°C (32°F to 104°F)
Non-operating • Storage: -20°C to 60°C (-4°F to 140°F)
• Shipping: -20°C to 60°C (-4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating • Storage: 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
• Shipping: 5% to 90% (non-condensing)About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null19Pin assignments
DisplayPort connectorAltitude
Operating 5000 m (16404 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12192 m (40000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation • 784.8 BTU/hour (maximum)
•1 2 4 . 5  B T U / h o u r  ( t y p i c a l )
Pin 
number20-pin side of the 
connec
ted signal cable
1 ML3 (n)
2 GND
3 ML3 (p)
4 ML2 (n)
5 GND
6 ML2 (p)
7 ML1 (n)
8 GND
9 ML1 (p)
10 ML0 (n)
11 GND
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX (p)
16 GND
17 AUX (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect20/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorHDMI connector19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
Pin 
number19-pin side of the 
connec
ted signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECTAbout your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null21Plug and play capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification Data (EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) protocols so that the system can configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are 
automatic; you can select different setting s if desired. For more information about 
changing the monitor settings, see Operating the monitor .
Universal Serial Bus (USB) interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the 
monitor.
Transfer speed Data rate Maximum power supported*
Super speed 5Gbps 5 V/0.9  A (Max, each port)
High speed 480Mbps 5 V/0.9  A (Max, each port)
Full speed 12Mbps 5 V/0.9  A (Max, each port)Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB3.2 Gen1)
*Up to 2  A on USB downstream port (with 
  battery icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
USB Type-C Description
Video DisplayPort 1.4*
Data Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1)
Power Delivery (PD) Up to 90  WNOTE: This monitor is super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) 
compatible.
USB Type-C
*HBR3/DisplayPort 1.4/DP audio is supported.22/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorUSB 3.2 upstream connector
Pin number 9-pin side of the connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
USB 3.2 downstream connector
Pin number 9-pin side of the connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null23USB Type-C connector
Pin Number Signal Name Pin Number Signal Name
A1 GND B1 GND
A2 TX1+ B2 TX2+
A3 TX1- B3 TX2-
A4 VBUS B4 VBUS
A5 CC1 B5 CC2
A6 D+ B6 D+
A7 D- B7 D-
A8 SBU1 B8 SBU2
A9 VBUS B9 VBUS
A10 RX2- B10 RX1-
A11 RX2+ B11 RX1+
A12 GND B12 GND
USB ports
• 1 USB Type-C upstream - bottom
• 1 USB Type-C downstream - bottom
• 1 super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type-B upstream - bottom
• 4 super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) Type-A downstream - bottom
Power Charging Port - the port with 
  battery icon; supports up to 2  A 
fast-charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
NOTE: Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) functionality requires a 
super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1)-capable computer.
NOTE: The USB ports on the monitor work only when the monitor is turned On or in Standby mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then 
turn it On, the attached  peripherals may take a few seconds to resume 
normal functionality.24/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorRJ45 connector
Pin number 14-pin side of the 
connec
ted signal cable
P1 MDI0+
P2 MDI0-
P3 MDI1+
P4 MDI1-
P5 CT
P6 CT
P7 MDI2+
P8 MDI2-
P9 MDI3+
P10 MDI3-
Pin number Green Orange
P11 + -
P12 - +
P13 + N/A
P14 - N/AAbout your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null25Supported OS
OS Version
Windows • Win 7 (LAN driver V7.48)
• Win 8, 8.1 (LAN driver V8.55)• Win 10 (LAN driver V10.34)
Linux OS (Chrome, Android, 
Othe
r Linux based OS)The Linux OS based on kernel version supports to V
4.15 or before (LAN driver V2.12.0)
macOS V10.6 to V10.15 (LAN driver V1.0.20)
Network (RJ45) data rate via USB-C at:
• High Resolution: Up to 480 Mbps
• High Data Speed: Up to 1000 Mbps
NOTE: This LAN port is 1000B ase-T IEEE 802.3az compliant, 
supporting Mac Address Pass-thr u and Wake-on-LAN  (WOL) from 
standby (S3 only) mode. It also su pports PXE Boot function, include 
UEFI PXE and Legacy PXE.
LCD monitor quality and pixel policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proces s, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging  state which are hard to see and do not 
affect the display quality or usability. Fo r more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see www.dell.com/pixelguidelines .26/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitorMaintenance guidelines
Cleaning your monitor
CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety instructions  before cleaning the 
monitor.
WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable from the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructio ns in the list below when unpacking, 
cleaning, or handling your monitor:
• To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. 
If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating. Do not use benzene,  thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, 
or compressed air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.
• If you notice white powder when you unpa ck your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.Setting up the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null27Setting up the monitor
Attaching the stand
NOTE: The stand is not installe d at the factory when shipped.
NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for attaching the 
stand that was shipped with your mo nitor. If you are attaching a stand 
that you purchased from any other source, follow the setup instructions that were included with the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1.F
ollow the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the 
top cushion that secures it.
2.R emove the stand riser and stand base from the packaging cushion.
3.Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.
4.L ift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
5.A fter fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess. 
28/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitor6.Lift the cover, as shown, to access the VESA area for stand assembly. 
NOTE: Before attaching th e stand assembly to the display, ensure that 
the front plate flap is opened  to allow space for assembly.
7.A ttach the stand assembly to the display.
a.Fit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of 
the display.
b.Press the stand down till it snaps into place.Setting up the monitor/.null /.null │/.null /.null298.Place the monitor upright with the protective cushion attached.
NOTE: Lift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.
9.T ear apart the zipper die-cut in the middle of the protective cushion, then 
remove the protective cushion from the left and right side of the monitor.
30/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitor10.Remove the cover from the monitor.
Connecting your monitor
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety instructions .
NOTE: Dell monitors are designed to work optimally with Dell supplied inbox cables
. Dell does not guarant ee the video quality and performance 
when using non-Dell cables.
NOTE: Route the cables through the cable-management slot before 
connecting them.
NOTE: Do not connect al l cables to the computer at the same time.
NOTE: The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. 
Appearance of the computer may vary.
To connect your moni tor to the computer:
1.T urn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2.R oute the power cable through the cable-management slot on the stand and 
then connect it to the monitor.
Setting up the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null313.Connect the DisplayPort, HDMI, or USB Type-C cable from your monitor to 
the computer.
Connecting the DisplayPort (DisplayPort to DisplayPort) cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setti ng is DP1.4 (DP1.2 is supported). 
If the monitor fails to show any co ntent after the DisplayPort cable is 
connected, follow the pr ocedures below to change the settings to 
DP1.1:
• Press the joystick to launch the Menu Launcher.
• Move the joystick up to select 
  and activate the OSD main menu.
• Toggle the joystick to highlight Inp ut Source , then press the joystick button 
to enter the submenu.
• Toggle the joystick to highlight DP.
• Press and hold the joystick for approximately 8 seconds, and the DisplayPort 
con
figuration message appears.
• Toggle the joystick to select Ye s and then press the joystick to save the 
changes.
Repeat the above steps to change the DisplayPort format settings if 
necessary.32/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitorConnecting the HDMI cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setti ng is HDMI 2.0. If the monitor 
fails to show any conten t after the HDMI cable is connected, follow the 
procedures below to change the se ttings from HDMI 2.0 to HDMI 1.4:
• Press the joystick to launch the Menu Launcher.
• Move the joystick up to select 
  and activate the OSD main menu.
• Toggle the joystick to highlight Input So urce , then press the joystick button 
to enter the submenu.
• Toggle the joystick to highlight HDMI .
• Press and hold the joystick for approx imat ely 8 seconds, and the DisplayPort 
configuration message appears.
• Toggle the joystick to select Ye s and then press the joystick to save the 
changes.
Repeat the above steps to change the HDMI format settings if necessary.Setting up the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null33Connecting the USB Type-C cable
NOTE: Use the USB Type-C cable shipped with monitor only. 
• This port supports DisplayPort Alternate Mode (DP1.4 standard only).
• The USB Type-C power delivery compliant port (PD Version 3.0) delivers up 
to
 90 W of power. 
• If your notebook requires more than 90  W to operate and the battery is 
d
rained, it may not be powered up or charged with the USB PD port of this 
monitor.
Connecting the super speed US B 5G bps (USB 3.2 Gen1) cable
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before unplugging the USB 
upstream port, make sure that NO USB storage devices are in use by 
the computer connected to the monitor’s USB downstream port.
After you have completed connecting the D isplayPort/HDMI/USB Type-C cable, 
follow the procedures below to connec t the USB cable to the computer and 
complete your monitor setup:
1. a. Connect one computer: c onnect the USB 3.2 (Gen1) upstream port 
(cable supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.2 (Gen1) port on your computer.  
b. Connect two computers*:  connec t the USB 3.2 (Gen1) upstream port 
(cable supplied) and USB Type-C upstream port (cable supplied) to appropriate USB ports on the two computers. Then use the OSD menu to select between the USB upstream source and input sources. See USB .
2.Conne
ct the USB peripherals to the US B downstream ports on the monitor.34/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitor3.Plug the power cables for your computer(s) and monitor into a nearby outlet.
a. Connect one computer
b. Connect two computers
*When connecting two computers to the monitor, configure the USB  settings from 
the OSD menu to share a single set of  keyboard and mouse connected to the 
monitor between two computers. See USB  and Setting the KVM switch  for 
details.
4.T urn On the monitor and the computer(s).  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display 
an image
, see Common problems .Setting up the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null35Connecting the monitor fo r RJ45 Cable (optional)
NOTE: The RJ45 cable is not an  in-box standard accessory.
Organizing your cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See 
Connecting your monitor  for cable attachment,) organize all cables as shown 
above.36/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitorRemoving the monitor stand
NOTE: To prevent scratches on th e LCD screen when removing the 
stand, ensure that the monitor is  placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for removing the 
stand that was shipped with your monitor. If you are removing a stand that you purchased from any other source, follow the setup instructions that were included with the stand.
To remove the stand:
1.Pl
ace the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2.Pr ess and hold the stand release button.3.L
ift the stand up and away from the monitor.Setting up the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null37VESA wall mounting (optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come wi th the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1.Pl ace the monitor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable flat table.2.R
emove the stand. (See Removing the monitor stand )
3.Use  a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the 
plastic cover.
4.A ttach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.5.Moun
t the monitor on the wall. For more  information, see the documentation 
that shipped with the wall mounting kit.
NOTE: For use only with UL or CS A or GS-listed wall mount bracket 
with minimum weight or load bearing capacity of 35.2 kg.38/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorOperating the monitor
Power on the monitor
Press the Power button to  turn On the monitor.
Using the joystick control
Use the joystick control on the rear of the monitor to make On-Screen Display 
(OSD) adjustments.
1.Press the joystick to launch the Menu Launcher.
2.Mo ve the joystick up/down/left/right to toggle between options.
3.Pr ess the joystick again to confirm the selection.
Joystick Description
• When there is no OSD on the screen, press the joystick to launch 
the Menu Launcher. See Accessing the Menu Launcher .
• When the OSD is displayed, press the joystick to confirm the 
se
lection or save the settings.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null39Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu
Accessing the Menu Launcher
When you the toggle or press the joystick, the Menu La uncher appears to let you 
access the OSD main menu and shortcut functions, 
To select a function, move the joystick.
The following table describes the Menu Launcher functions:• For 2-way (right and left) directional navigation.
• Move right to enter the submenu.• Move left to exit from the submenu.
• For 2-way (up and down) directional navigation.• Toggles between the menu items.
• Increases (up) or decreases (down) the parameters of selected 
m
enu item.
Label Icon Description
1
MenuTo launch the On-Screen Display (OSD) main menu. 
S
ee Accessing the menu system .40/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorUsing the navigation keys
When the OSD main menu is active, move the joystick to conf igure the settings, 
following the navigation keys displayed below the OSD. 
After you change the settings, press the joystick to save the changes before you 
proceed to another menu or exit the OSD menu.
NOTE: To exit the current menu item  and return to the previous menu, 
move the joystick to the left until you exit.2
Shortcut 
functionsWhen you move the joystick to the left or right to t
oggle between the shortcut functions, the selected 
item will be highlighted and shifted to the center position. Press the joysti ck to enter its submenu.
•USB S
witch : To switch between the USB 
upstream sources in PIP/PBP mode.
•Input Sour ce: To choose an input source from the 
list of video signals that may be connected to your monitor.
•Pr
eset Modes : To choose a preferred color mode 
from the list of preset modes.
•Brig htness/Contrast : To access the adjustment 
sliders of brightness and contrast.
•PIP /PBP Mode : To choose a PBP or PIP mode 
from the preset list, which provides different sizes and positions of the sub-window
NOTE: A
fter you change the settings, press the joystick to save the changes before you proceed to another function or exit.
3
ExitTo exit the Menu Launcher.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null41Accessing the menu system
NOTE: After you change the settings,  press the joystick to save the 
changes before you proceed to another menu or exit the OSD menu. 
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Bri ghtness/Contrast  
adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Move the joystick up to increase the brightness level 
or m
ove the joystick down to decrease the brightness 
level (min. 0 / max. 100).
Contrast Adjusts the Br ightness  first, and then adjust the 
Contrast  only if further adjustment is necessary.
Move the joystick up to increase the contrast level or mo
ve the joystick down to decrease the contrast 
level (min. 0 / max. 100).
The Co ntrast  function adjusts the degree of 
difference between darkness and lightness on the 
monitor screen.42/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorInput Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the 
different video signals that may be connected to your 
monitor.
USB-C 
  90W Select USB-C 
  90W  when you are using the USB 
Type-C connector. Press the joystick to confirm the se
lection.
DP Select DP when you are using the DisplayPort (DP) connector. Press the joystick to confirm the selection.
HDMI 1 Select HDM
 I 1 when you are using the HDMI 1 
connector. Press the joystick to confirm the selection.
HDMI 2 Select HDM
 I 2 when you are using the HDMI 2 
connector. Press the joystick to confirm the selection.
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for availab
le input sources. Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null43Auto Select for 
USB-CAllows you to set Auto Select for USB-C to:
•Pr ompt for Multiple Inputs : Always displays 
the “ Switch to USB-C Video Input ” message 
for you to choose whether to switch or not.
•Ye s : Always switches to USB-C video input 
(without asking) when the USB Type-C cable is 
connected.
•No: Never automatically switches to USB-C video 
input when the USB Type-C cable is connected.
Press the joystick to confirm the selection.
NOTE: Th e option is available only when Auto 
Select is on.
Rename Inputs Allows you to specify a preset input name for the 
se
lected input source. The preset options are PC, 
PC 1, PC 2, La ptop , Laptop  1, and Lapt op  2. The 
de
fault setting is Off.
NOTE: When y ou perform a rename for the USB-C 
input, the wattage value remains after the specified option, e.g., PC 1 
 90W . 
NOTE: It  is only applicable for the input names shown in shortcut menu and main menu, but not for those shown in the warning messages, PBP, KVM, and Display Info .
Reset Input 
Sour
ceResets your monitor input settings to the factory se
ttings.44/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorColor Use Color to adjust the color setting mode.
Preset Modes Allows you to choose from the list of preset color 
modes
. Press the joystick to confirm the selection.
•Standard : Loads the monitor's default color 
settings. This is the default preset mode.
•Com fortView: Decreases the level of blue light 
emitted from the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.Operating the monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null45Preset Modes WARNING: The possible long-term effects of 
blue light emission from the monitor may cause personal injury such as digital eye strain, eye fatigue and damage to the eyes. Using monitor for extended periods of time may also cause pain in parts of body such as neck, arm, back and shoulder.
To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/shoulder pain from using the monitor for long periods of time, we suggest you to:
1. Set the distance of the screen between 20 to 
28 in. (50 - 70 cm) from your eyes.
2. Blink frequently to moisten your eyes or wet 
your eyes with water after prolonged usage of the monitor.
3. Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes 
every two hours.
4. Look away from your monitor and gaze at a 
distant object at 20 feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
5. Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck, 
arm, back, and shoulders during the breaks.
•Movie : Loads color settings ideal for movies.
•Game : Loads color settings ideal for most gaming 
applications.
•Color Temp. : Allows you to select the color 
temperature: 5000K, 5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K, and 10000K. Press the joystick to confirm the selection.
•Color Space : Allows you to set the color space 
to: 
-sRGB : matches 100% sRGB.
-DCI-P3 : reproduces 95% of DCI-P3 digital 
cinema color standard.46/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorPreset Modes NOTE: When you select DCI-P3  as the color space, 
the luminance of the backlight defaults to 48 cd/m2 
(typical). You can manually adjust the luminance of 
the backlight by using the Brightness  function 
under Brightness/Contrast in the OSD menu.
•Cust om Color: Allows you to manually adjust the 
color settings. Move the joystick to adjust the Gain , Offset , Hue, and Saturation  values and  
create your own preset color mode.
Input Color 
Fo
rmatAllows you to set the vide o input mode to:
•RGB : S elect this option if your monitor is 
connected to a computer (or media player) using the USB Type-C, DisplayPort, or HDMI cable.
•YPbPr : Se
 lect this option if your media player 
supports only YPbPr output. 
Press the joystick to confirm the selection.
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to gr
een or purple. This is used to adjust the desired 
flesh tone color. Move the joystick to adjust the hue level from '0' to '100'.
NOTE: Hue  ad
 justment is available only when you 
select Movie  or Game  preset mode.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null47Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the 
video image
. Move the joystick to adjust the 
saturation level from '0' to '100'.
NOTE: Saturation  adjus tment is available only 
when you select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory 
se
ttings.
Display Use the Disp lay menu to adjust images.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wide 21:9 , Au to Resize , 
4:3, or Pixel-for-Pixel .
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or so
fter. 
Move the joystick to adjust the sharpness level from '0'
 to '100'.
Response Time Allows you to set the Re sponse Time  to Normal  or 
Fast .48/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorUniformity 
CompensationSelect screen uniformity compensation settings. On 
is factory calibrated setting by default. Uniformity 
Compensation  adjusts different areas of the screen 
with respect to the center to achieve uniform 
brightness and color over the entire screen. For optimal screen performance, Brightness  and 
Contrast  for some preset modes ( Standard , Color 
Temp. ) will be disabled when this feature is set to 
On. 
NOTE: User is
  advised to use factory default 
brightness setting when this feature is turned on. For other brightness level setting, the uniformity performance may deviate from the data shown on the Factory Calibration Report.
USB-C 
Prioritiza
tionAllows you to specify the priority to transfer the data wi
th high resolution ( High Resolution ) or high 
speed ( High Data Speed ) when using the USB 
Type-C port/DisplayPort.
Reset Display Resets all display settings to the factory preset v
alues.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null49PIP/PBP This function brings up a window displaying image 
fr
om another input source. Press the joystick to 
confirm the selection.
Sub-Window
Main Window
USB Type-CDP
HDMI 1HDMI 1
DPUSB Type-C
HDMI 2HDMI 2
NOTE: The images under PBP mode will be 
displayed at the center of the split windows.50/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorPIP/PBP Mode Allows you to choose a PBP or PIP mode from the 
preset list, which provides different sizes and positions of the sub-window. The options are shown in graphic format, giving a quick understanding of various layout settings, The default setting is Off.
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be co
nnected to your monitor for the PIP/PBP sub-
window. Press the  joystick to confirm the selection.
NOTE: T he option is available only when the PIP/PBP mode is enabled.Operating the monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null51USB Switch Select to switch between the USB upstream sources 
in PIP/PBP mode.
NOTE: The option is available only when the PIP/
PBP mode is enabled.
Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and sub-window in PIP/PBP mode. Press the  joystick to 
confirm the selection.
NOTE: The option is available only when the PIP/
PBP mode is enabled.
Audio Allows you to set the audio source from the main window or the sub-window.
NOTE: The option is available only when the PIP/
PBP mode is enabled.
Contrast (Sub) Select to adjust the contrast level of the picture in PIP/PBP mode.
Move the joystick to adjust the contrast level from '0' to '100'.
NOTE: The option is available only when the PIP/
PBP mode is enabled.52/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorUSB Allows you to assign the USB upstream port for the 
input signals (DP, HDMI 1, or HDMI 2), thus the monitor's USB downstream port (e.g. keyboard and mouse) can be used by the current input signals when you connect a computer to the upstream port. See also Setting the KVM switch  for details.
Press the joystick to confirm the selection.
When you use only one upstream port, the 
con
nected upstream port is active.
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before 
unplugging the USB upstream port, make sure that NO USB storage devices are in use by the computer connected to the monitor’s USB downstream port.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null53Audio
Volume Allows you to set the volume level of speakers.
Move the joystick to adjust the volume level from '0' 
to
 '100'.
Speaker Allows you to turn on or off the speaker function.
Reset Audio Select this option to restore default audio settings.54/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorMenu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, 
such as, the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Sets the OSD display to one of the eight languages (Eng
lish, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian 
Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency b
y moving the joystick (min. 0 / max. 100).
Timer Sets the length of time the OSD will remain active a
fter the last time you pressed a button.
Move the joystick to adjust the slider in 1 second incr
ements, from 5 to 60 seconds.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null55Lock With the control buttons on the monitor locked, you 
can pr
event people from accessing the controls. It 
also prevents accidental activation in multiple monitors side-by-side setup. 
•Menu Buttons : All joystick functions are locked 
and not accessible by the user.
•Po wer Button : Only the Power button is locked 
and not accessible by the user.
•Menu + Power Buttons : Both the joystick & 
Power button are locked and not accessible by the user.
The default setting is Disab
 le. 
Alternative Lock Method: You can move and hold the jo
ystick up/down/left/right for 4 seconds to set the 
lock options via the pop-up menu, and then press the joystick to confirm the configuration.
NOTE: T
o unlock, move and hold the joystick up/
down/left/right for 4 seconds, and then press the joystick to confirm the changes and close the pop-up menu.
Reset Menu Resets all OSD settings to the factory preset values.56/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorPersonalize
Shortcut Key 1
Allows you to choose a feature from Pr eset Modes , 
Brightness/Contrast , Input Source , Aspect 
Ratio , PIP/PBP Mode , USB Switch , Video Swap , 
Volume , or Display Info  and set it as a shortcut key.Shortcut Key 2
Shortcut Key 3
Shortcut Key 4
Shortcut Key 5
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator on or off 
t
o save energy.
USB-C 
Ch
arging 
  
90WThe default setting is Of f in Off Mode . Selecting 
On in Off Mode may automatically charge your 
notebook or mobile devices through the USB Type-C cable even when the monitor is in off mode.
Other USB 
Ch
argingAllows you to enable or disable USB T ype-A and USB T
ype-C Downstream Ports charging function during 
monitor standby mode.
NOTE: T his option is only available when the USB 
Type-C (Upstream Port) cable is unplugged. If the USB Type-C cable is connected, Other USB 
Charging  follows the USB host power status and 
the option is not accessible.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null57Fast Wakeup The default setting is Of f. Selecting On may prevent 
the monitor from going into Standby mode.
Pressing the joystick may also wake up the monitor 
a
fter it goes into Standby mode.
Reset 
Pe
rsonalizationResets all settings under the Pe rsonalize  menu to 
the factory preset values.
Others Select this option to adjust  the OSD settings, such as 
DDC/CI , LCD Conditioning , and so on.
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.58/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorDDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) 
allows you to adjust the monitor settings using 
software on your computer. You can disable this feature by selecting Off . 
Enable this feature for best user experience and op
timum performance of your monitor.
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depe
nding on the degree of image retention, the 
program may take some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null59OSD warning message
When you select the USB S witch  hotkey from the Menu Launcher, the following 
message appears if the PIP/PBP  function is disabled:
Firmware Displays the firmware version of your monitor.
Service Tag Displays the service tag of your monitor. This string is 
r
equired when you look for phone support, check 
your warranty status, update drivers on Dell's website, etc. 
Reset Others Resets all settings under the Other
 s menu to the 
factory preset values.
Factory Reset Restore all preset values to the factory default se
ttings. These are also the settings for ENER GY 
ST
AR® tests.
60/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorWhen the monitor does not support a part icular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving 
from the computer. See Monitor specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical 
frequency ranges addressable by th is monitor. Recommended mode is 3840 x 
1600 .
You will see the following message before the DDC /CI function is disabled:
When you adjust the Brightness  level above the default level for the first time, the 
following message appears:
NOTE: If you select Yes, the message will not appear next time when you intend to change the Brightness setting.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null61When you change the default setting of power saving fe atures for the first time, 
such as USB-C Charging 
  90W , Other USB Charging , Uniformity 
Compensation , or Fas t Wakeup , the following message appears:
NOTE: If you select Yes for either of the features mentioned above, the 
message will not appear next time  when you intend to change the 
settings of these features. When you perform a factory reset, the 
message will appear again.
When the monitor goes into Standby mo de, the following message appears:
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
The OSD functions only in the normal operation m ode. If you press the joystick 
during the Standby mode, the following message will appear depending on the selected input:
Activate the computer and the m onitor to gain access to the OSD .
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.62/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorIf either USB Type-C, DisplayPort, or HDMI input is selected and the corresponding 
cable is not connected, the following message will appear: 
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
When the monitor is under DP/HDMI input and a USB Type-C cable is connected to 
a notebook that supports DP Alternate Mode, if Auto Select for USB-C  is enabled, 
the following message appears:
You will see the following message before the Lock  function is activated:
NOTE: The message may be slightly di fferent according to the selected 
settings.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null63When Factory Reset  is selected, the following message appears:
When Yes is selected, the following message appears.
See Troub l eshooting  for more information.64/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the monitorSetting the maximum resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8, and Windows® 8.1:
1.For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2.Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3.Click the dropdown list of the Screen Resolution  and select 3840 x 1600.
4.Click OK.
In Windows® 10:
1.Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2.Click Advanced display settings .
3.Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3840 x 1600 .
4.Click Apply .
If you do not see 3840 x 1600 as an option, you may need to update your graphics 
driver. Depending on your computer, complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•G o  t o  http:/ /www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell computer (portable or desktop):
• Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest graphic 
drivers.
• Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic drivers.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null65Setting the KVM switch
The built-in KVM switch allows you to contro l up to 2 computers from a single set of 
keyboard and mouse connected to the monitor. 
a.When connecting HDMI + USB-B  to computer 1 and DP  + USB-C  to 
computer 2:
NOTE: The USB Type-C connection currently supports only data 
transfer.
Make sure USB  fo r HDMI  is assigned to USB-B 
  and DP is assigned to 
USB-C 
  90W .
66/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorb.When connecting HDMI + USB-B  to computer 1 and USB-C  to computer 
2:
NOTE: The USB Type-C connection cu rrently supports video and data 
transfer.
Make sure USB  fo r HDMI  is assigned to USB-B 
 .
NOTE: As the USB Type-C port su pports the Displa yPort Alternate 
Mode, there is no need  to set USB for USB-C.
NOTE: When connecting to different  video input sources not shown 
above, follow the same method to ma ke correct settings for USB to pair 
the ports.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null67Setting the Auto KVM
You can follow below instruction to set up Auto KVM for your monitor:
1.En sure that PIP/PBP Mode  is Off.
2.Ensure that Auto Select  is On and Auto Select for USB-C  is Yes.
68/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitor3.Ensure that the USB ports and the video inputs are paired accordingly.
NOTE: For USB Type-C connection, there is no further setting 
required.Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null69Using the tilt, swivel, and vertical extension
NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for attaching the 
stand that was shipped with your mo nitor. If you are attaching a stand 
that you purchased from any other source, follow the setup instructions that were included with the stand.
Til t, swive l
With the stand attached to the monitor, you 
 can tilt an d swivel the monitor for the 
most comfortable viewing angle.
NOTE: The stand is not installe d at the factory when shipped.
Vertical extension
NOTE: The stand extends vertically up to 120 mm. The figure below 
illustrates how to extend the stand vertically.70/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorSlant adjust
With the stand attached to the monitor, yo u can adjust the monitor to your desired 
angle with the slant adjust feature.
Troub l eshooting /.null /.null│/.null /.null71Troubleshooting
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety instructions .
Self-test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your 
monitor is functioning properly. If yo ur monitor and computer are properly 
connected but the monitor screen remain s dark, run the monitor self-test by 
performing the following steps:
1.T urn off both your computer and the monitor.
2.Unp lug the video cable from the computer. 3.T
urn on the monitor.
If the monitor cannot sense a video signal  and is working correctly, the following 
message will appear:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
NOTE: While in self-test mode, the power LED remains white. 
4.T his box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable 
becomes disconnected or damaged.
5.T urn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank afte r y ou use the previous procedure, check 
your video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.72/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub l eshootingBuilt-in diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool  that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inhere nt problem with your monitor, or with 
your computer and video card.
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1.Ensur e that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the 
screen).
2.Mo ve and hold the joystick up/down/left/right for about 4 seconds until a 
pop-up menu appears.
Troub leshooting /.null /.null│/.null /.null733.Move the joystick to highlight the Diagnostic icon  and then press the 
joystick to confirm. A gray test pattern appears.
4.Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5.Pr ess the joystick to change the test patterns.
6.R epeat steps 4 and 5 to inspect the display in red, green, blue, black, white, 
and text screens.
7.Pr ess the joystick to end the diagnostic program.
74/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingCommon problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems 
you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
symptomsWhat you 
experiencePossible solutions
No Video/Power LED off No picture • Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is 
functioning properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is 
pressed fully.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no brightness • Increase brightness & contrast 
controls via OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the 
video cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, blurry, or ghosting • Eliminate video extension cables.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Change the video resolution to the 
correct aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery Video Wavy picture or fine movement • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Check environmental factors.
• Relocate the monitor and test in 
another room.Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null75Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently Off is a 
natural defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor 
Quality and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
www.dell.com/
pixelguidelines .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has bright spots •C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently off is a 
natural defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor 
Quality and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:
 www.dell.com/
pixelguidelines .
Brightness Problems Picture too dim or too bright • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness & contrast controls 
via OSD.
Geometric Distortion Screen not centered correctly • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Horizontal/Vertical Lines Screen has one or more lines • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check and determine if these lines are also in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the 
video cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.76/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingSynchronization 
ProblemsScreen is scrambled or appears torn • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check to determine if the scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the 
video cable connector.
• Restart the computer in the safe 
mode.
Safety Related Issues Visible signs of smoke or sparks • Do not perform any troubleshooting 
steps.
•C o n t a c t  D e l l  i m m e d i a t e l y .
Intermittent Problems Monitor malfunctions on & off • Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check to determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing color • Perform monitor self-test feature 
check.
• Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the 
video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not good • Change the settings of the Preset 
Modes  in the Color menu OSD 
depending on the application.
• Adjust the R/G/B values under 
Custom Color  in Color menu OSD.
• Change the Input Color Format  to 
PC RGB or YPbPr in the Color menu 
OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null77Product specific problemsImage retention 
from a static image left on the monitor for a long period of timeFaint shadow from the static image displayed appears on the screen• Set the screen to turn off after a few 
minutes of screen idle time. These can be adjusted in Windows Power Options or Mac Energy Saver setting.
• Alternatively, use a dynamically 
changing screensaver.
Picture quality (Refresh rate of native resolution changes from 60
 Hz to 30  Hz; 
or color depth drops to 18 bits)Issues of incorrect refresh rate or missing colors •S e t  USB-C Prioritization  to High 
Resolution .
Common 
symptomsWhat you 
experiencePossible solutions
Screen image is too small Image is centered on screen, but does not fill entire viewing area• Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in 
the Display  menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust the 
monitor with the joystickOSD does not appear on the screen • Turn Off the monitor, unplug the 
power cord, plug it back, and then turn On the monitor.
• Check whether the OSD menu is 
locked. If yes, move and hold the joystick up/down/left/right for 4 seconds to unlock (for more information, see 
Lock ).78/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingNo Input Signal 
when user controls are pressedNo picture, the LED light is white • Check the signal source. Ensure the 
computer is not in the power saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is 
plugged in properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.
The picture does not fill the entire screen The picture cannot fill the height or width of the screen • Due to different video formats 
(aspect ratio) of DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
No video at HDMI/DisplayPort/USB Type-C port When connected to 
some dongle/
docking device at the port, there is no 
video when 
unplugging/plugging the cable from the 
notebook• Unplug the HDMI/DisplayPort/USB 
Type-C cable from dongle/docking device, then plug the docking HDMI/DisplayPort/USB Type-C cable to the notebook. 
No network connection Network dropped or 
intermittent• Check to ensure USB-C 
Prioritization  is set to High Data 
Speed .
• Do not turn Off the display during 
network connection.Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null79Universal Serial Bus (USB) specific problems
Common 
symptomsWhat you 
experiencePossible solutions
USB interface is not working USB peripherals are not working • Check that your monitor is turned On.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals 
(downstream connector).
• Switch Off and then turn On the 
monitor again.
• Reboot the computer.
• Some USB devices like external 
portable HDD require higher electric current; connect the device directly to the computer system.
USB Type-C port does not supply power USB peripherals can not be charged • Check that the connected device is 
compliant with the USB-C specification. The USB Type-C port supports USB 3.2 Gen1 and an output of 90
 W.
• Check that you use the USB Type-C 
cable shipped with your monitor.
Super speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) interface is slowSuper speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1) peripherals working slowly or not working at all• Check that your computer is super 
speed USB 5Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen1)-compatible.
• Some computers have USB 3.2, USB 
2.0, and USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals 
(downstream connector).
• Reboot the computer.80/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub l eshootingSpeakers Specific Problems
Common 
symptomsWhat you 
e
xperiencePossible solutions
No sound coming 
fr
om the external 
speakersCannot hear any sound• Turn Off the monitor, unplug the 
mon
itor power cord, replug it, and then 
turn On the monitor.
• Ensure the audio cable is connected 
corr
ectly between the Audio Line Out 
port and the external speaker.
• Disconnect/reconnect the audio cable 
fr
om the Audio Line Out port and the 
external speaker.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.Wireless USB periphe
rals stop 
working when a USB 3.2 device is plugged inWireless USB pe
ripherals 
responding slowly or only working as the distance between itself and its receiver decreases• Increase the distance between the 
U
SB 3.2 peripherals and the wireless 
USB receiver.
• Position your wireless USB receiver as 
c
lose as possible to the wireless USB 
peripherals.
• Use a USB-extender cable to position 
th
e wireless USB receiver as far away 
as possible from the USB 3.2 port.Appendix /.null/.null│/.null/.null81Appendix
WARNING:  Safety instructions
WARNING: Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than 
those specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, s ee Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC notices (U.S. only) and other regulatory information
For FCC notices and other re gulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
NOTE: If you do not have an active  Internet connection, you can find 
contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
• Online technical assistance — www.dell.com/support/monitors 
•C o n t a c t i n g  D e l l  —  www.dell.com/contactdell 
EU product database for energy label and product information 
sheet
U3821DW: https:/ /eprel.ec.europa.eu/qr/388093Dell UltraSharp U3417W Monitor
User’s Guide
Model: U3417W
Regulatory model: U3417WbDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Notes, cautions, and warnings
 NOTE: A  NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better 
use of your computer.
 CAUTION: A CA UTION indicates potentia l damage to hardware or loss of 
data if instructions are not followed.
 WARNING:  A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
____________________
Copyright © 2016 Dell In c. All rights reserved. 
This product is protected by U.S. and internat ional copyright and intellectual property laws. 
DellTM and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other 
jurisdictions. All other marks and names ment ioned herein may be trademarks of their 
respective companies.
2016 - 06 Rev. A00
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents  |  3Contents
About Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5
Product Features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .7
Identifying Parts and Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12Plug and Play Capability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Setting Up the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Attaching the Stand. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Connecting Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Organizing Your Cables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .31
Removing the Monitor Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Wall Mounting (Optional). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Operating the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Power On the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4  |  ContentsUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
Setting the Maximum Resolution. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .57
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
Troubleshooting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Self-Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60Built-in Diagnostics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Proble ms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
Speakers Specific Problems. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information . . . . . . 66Contact Dell. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  5About Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Ensure that you have received all 
the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
Monitor
Stand Riser
Stand Base NOTE: Some items  may be o ptional and may not ship with your monitor. Some 
features or media may not be available in certain countries.
 NOTE: To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective stand setup 
guide 
for setup instructions. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power Cable (Varies by 
Countries)
HDMI Cable 
DP Cable (Mini-DP to DP)
USB 3.0 Upstream Cable (Enables the USB Ports on 
the Monitor)
•Drivers and 
Documentation Media
•Quick Setup  Guide
•Factory Calibration 
Repor
t
•Safety , Environmental, 
and Regulatory
 
Information
6  |  About Your MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  7Product Features
The Dell U3417W  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor (TFT), Liquid 
Crystal Display (LCD) and LED backli ght. The monitor features include:
•86 .7 cm (34-inch) viewable area display (measured diagonally).  
3440 x 1440 resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•W ide viewing angle to allow viewing fr om a sitting or standing position.
•T ilt, swivel, and vertical exte nsion adjustment capabilities.
•Ultra-thi n bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
set up with an elegant viewing experience.
•Removable s tand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•Color gamu t of 99% sRGB with an average Delta E < 3.
•On -Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ea se of set-up and screen optimization.
•So ftware and documentation media includes an Information File (INF), Image Color 
Matching File (ICM), an d product documentation.
•Dell Display Manager Softwar e included (comes in the CD shipped with the 
monitor).
•Security loc k slot.
•Stand lock.
•Capability to switch from wide aspect to  standard aspect ratio while maintaining 
the image quality.
•Hi gh Dynamic Contrast Ratio (5,000,000:1).
•0 .5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.•Ene
rgy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.
•Optimiz e eye comfort with a flicker-free screen and ComfortView feature which 
minimizes blue light emission.
•Suppor ts Picture by Picture (PBP) and Pi cture in Picture (PIP) Select mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8  |  About Your MonitorIdentifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Front panel controls
Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see 
Operating the Monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  9Back View
Back view with monitor stand
Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes 
(1
00 mm x 100 mm - 
behind attached VESA 
Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wall 
mount kit (
100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from monitor.
4 Barcode serial number labelRefer
  to this label if you need to contact Dell for 
tech
nical support.
5 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them through 
the slot.LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10  |  About Your MonitorSide View
Description Use
1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
conn ector af
ter you have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB up stream connector on the 
monitor.*
2 USB downstream port with Power Ch 
argingConnect to charge your device.
* To avoid signal interference, when a wireless USB device has been connected to a USB downs
tream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the 
adjacent port(s).LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  11Bottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 AC power cord 
conn ectorCon nect the power cable.
2 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock (security lock not included ). 
3
(1, 2
)HDMI port connector Connect your computer with HDMI cable.
4 DisplayPort in conn ectorCo
 nnect your computer with DP cable.
5 Mini DisplayPort in conn ectorCo
 nnect your computer with Mini-DP to DP cable.
6 DisplayPort out (MST) 
conn ectorDisp layPort output for MST (Multi-Stream Transport) 
capable monitor
. DP 1.1 monitor can only be 
connected as the last monitor in the MST chain. To 
enable MST, refer to instruction on section 
"Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport 
(MST) function ".
7 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers.*
8
(1, 2
)USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that came with your monitor 
to the computer. Once this 
cable is connected, you 
can use the USB connect ors on the monitor.
9-1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this conn ector af 
ter you have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB up stream connector on the 
monitor.**Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12  |  About Your Monitor* Headphone usage is not supported  for the audio line out connector.
** To avoid signal interference, when a wire less USB dev ice has b een connected to a USB 
downstream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the 
adjacent port(s).
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications9-2 USB downstream port with Power Ch
argingConnect to charge your device.
10 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm sc
rew (screw not included).
Model U3417W
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Type
Viewable image
DiagonalHorizontal, Active AreaVertical, Active AreaArea867.2 mm (34.14 inches)799.80 mm (31.49 inches)334.80 mm (13.18 inches)267773.04 mm
2 (415.01 inch2)
Pixel pitch 0.233 mm x 0.233 mm
Pixel per inch 109
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 300 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)5M to 1 (typical Dynamic Contrast On)
Faceplate coating Anti-Glare with 3H hardness
Backlight LED edgelight system
Response time 8 ms (typical) for NORMAL mode5 ms (typical) for FAST mode
Color depth 1.074 billion colors
Color gamut sRGB 99%, CIE1976 (90%), and CIE 1931 (75%)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  13Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 134 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range 48 Hz to 76 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3440 x 1440 at 60 Hz
Supported Video Modes
Video display capabilities 
(HDMI & DP playback)480p, 480i, 576p, 720p, 1080p, 576i, 1080i Built-in devices •USB 3.0 super-speed hub (with 2 x USB 3.0 upstream 
port
)
•4 x USB 3 . 0 downstream ports
Connectivity •2 x HDMI 2.0
•1 x DP  1.2
•1 x mDP
•1 x DP  Output
•2 x USB 3.0 port - Upstream
•2 x USB 3.0 port - Side
•2 x USB 3.0 port - Bottom
Border width (e
dge of 
moni tor to active ar
ea)10.55 mm (Top)
10.05 mm (Left/Right)
AdjustabilityHeight adjustable standTiltSwivelPivot0 to 115 mm-5° to 21°-30° to 30°N/A
Dell Display Manager 
Compatibili t
yYes
Security •Secur ity lock slot (cable lock sold separately)
•Anti-t heft stand lock slot (to panel)
Mod
el U3417W
Model U3417WDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14  |  About Your MonitorPreset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Fre
quency (kHz)Vertical 
Fre
quency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz
)Sync Polarity 
(Hor
izontal/
Vertical)
* Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.
Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
MST Source 
MonitorMaximum number of external monitor can be supported
 NOTE: The default for Multi -Stream Transport mode is DP1.2. See Connecting the 
monitor for DP Multi-Stream  Tr ansport (MST) function  for details.VESA, 640 x 400 31.47 70.09 25.18 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.47 59.94 25.17 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.50 75.00 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.47 70.08 28.32 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.88 60.32 40 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.88 75.00 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.36 60.00 65 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.02 75.03 78.75 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.50 75.00 108 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 - R 49.31 59.91 71 +/-
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.98 60.02 108 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.98 75.03 135 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.00 60.00 162 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.50 60.00 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.79 59.95 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3440 x 1440* 88.82 60.00 319.75 +/-
3440 x 1440 at 60Hz 1920 x 1080 at 60Hz
3440 x 1 4
40 at 60Hz 1 2
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  15Electrical Specifications
Video input signals HDMI 2.0*/DP 1.2**, 600 mV for each differential line, 
100 ohm input impedance per
 differential pair. 
AC input voltage/frequency/
current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz + 3 Hz / 1.5 A 
(typical) 
Inrush current •120 V : 40 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
•220 V : 80 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
* Not 
Support HDMI 2.0 optional specificat ion, include HD MI Ethernet Channel (HEC), 
Audio Return Channel (ARC), standard for 3D format and resolutions, and standard for 4K digital cinema resolution.
** Support DP1.2 specification, include HB
 R2, MST and DP audio. 
Speaker Specifications
Speaker 2 x 9.0 W
Frequency Response 100 Hz - 20 kHz
Impedance 8 ohm
Physical CharacteristicsModel U3417W
Model U3417W
Model U3417W
Signal cable type •Digital: detachable, HDMI , 19 pins
•Digital:  detachable, Mini-DP to DP, 20 
pins
•Univer sal Serial Bus: detachable, USB, 9 
pins
Dimens
ions (with stand)
Height (extended) 532.0 mm (20.94 inches)
Height (compressed) 417.0 mm (16.42 inches)
Width 813.6 mm (32.03 inches)
Depth 226.4 mm (8.91 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 363.7 mm (14.32 inches)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16  |  About Your MonitorEnvironmental Characteristics
•BFR/PVC-free (Halogen-free) ex cluding external cables.
•Meets NFP A  99 leakage current requirements.
•Arsenic -Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only.
Operating 0 °C to
 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000  ft) (maximum)
•443.58 BTU/hour (maximum)
•170.61 BTU/hour (typical)Wi
dth 813.6 mm (32.03 inches)
Depth 58.4 mm (2.30 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 419.1 mm (16.50 inches)
Height (compressed) 382.6 mm (15.06 inches)
Width 342.2 mm (13.47 inches)
Depth 226.4 mm (8.91 inches)
WeightWeight with packaging 15.4 kg (33.94 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and cables 10.4 kg (22.92 lb)
Weight without stand assembly (For wall 
mount or VESA mount consi d 
erations - 
no cables)7.7 kg (16.97 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.3 kg (5.07 lb)
Front frame gloss 37%-57% gloss unit
Model U3417W
Compliant Standards
Temperature
HumidityAltitudeThermal dissipationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  17Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its powe r consumption when not in use. This is 
referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monito r automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumptio n and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA Modes Horizontal 
SyncVertical 
SyncVideo Power 
IndicatorPower 
Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 130 W (maximum)**
50 W (typical)
Active-off modeInactive Inactive Blanked White (glowing) Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.5 W
* Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with  max luminanc e, and USB active.
The OSD functions only in the normal oper atio n mode. When any button is pressed in 
the Active-off mode, one of the following messages will be displayed:
HDMI 1/HDMI 2/Mini DisplayPort/DP input
or
orDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18  |  About Your Monitoror
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
Pin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Connected Sign
al Cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  19Mini DisplayPort Connector
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX(p)
16 GND
17 AUX(n)
18 GND
19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Connected Sign
al Cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3(n)
4 GND
5 ML3(n)
6 GND
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML0(p)
11 ML2(p)
12 ML0(p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1(n)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20  |  About Your MonitorHDMI Connector
Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the 
Connected Sign
al Cable
TMDS DATA 2+
TMDS DATA 2 SHIELDTMDS DATA 2-
TMDS DATA 1+
TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
TMDS DATA 1-
TMDS DATA 0+TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
TMDS DATA 0-
TMDS CLOCK+TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
TMDS CLOCK-
CECReserved (N.C. on device)
DDC CLOCK (SCL)
DDC DATA (SDA)DDC/CEC Ground
+5V POWER
HOT PLUG DETECT16 AUX(p)
17 ML1(p)
18 AUX(n)
19 GND
20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
1819Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  21Plug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification Data 
(EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) prot ocols so the system can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most mo nitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .
Universal Serial Bu s (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the monitor.
Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption*
Super-speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port) NOTE: This m onitor is Super-Speed USB 3.0 compatible.
* Up to 2A on USB downstream port (port with 
  lightning icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
USB Upstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22  |  About Your MonitorUSB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+
USB Ports
•2 x USB 3.0 upstream - bottom
•2 x USB 3. 0 downstream - bottom
•2 x USB 3.0 downstream - side
•Power Charging Port - the port with 
  lightning icon; supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
 NOTE: USB 3.0 funct i onality requires a USB 3.0-capable computer.
 NOTE: The mon i tor's USB interface works only  when the monitor is On or in the 
power save mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then turn it On, the attached 
peripherals may take a few second s to resume normal functionality.
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proce ss, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging st ate which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usabilit y. For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
1
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  23Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
 CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
 WARNING:  Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from 
the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while  unpacking, cleaning, or 
handling your monitor:
•To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tiss ue or solution suitable for the anti-
static coating. Do not use benzene, th inner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or 
compressed air.
•Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of any kind as some deterg ents leave a milky film on the monitor.
•If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
•Handle your monitor with care as a da rker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
•To help maintain the best image qualit y on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn O ff your monitor when not in use.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24  |  Setting Up the MonitorSetting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
 NOTE: The stand is de tached when the mo nitor is shipped from the factory.
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective stan d setup guide for the set up instructions.
 CAU TION: Do not remove the monitor fr o m the packaging box before attaching 
the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1Follo w the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the top 
cus
hion that secures it.
2Insert the stand base blocks fully  into the stand slot.
3Lift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
4After fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  255Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly.
6Attach the stand as sembly to the monitor.
aFit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of the 
monitor.
bPress the stand down till it snaps into place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26  |  Setting Up the Monitor7Place the monitor upright.
aSlide one hand in the cutout area on  the bottom cushion and use the other 
hand to hold the stand.
bLift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.
 CAUTION: Do not press on the pane l screen when l ifting the monitor.
8 Remove the cover from the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  27Connecting Your Monitor
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
 NOTE: Do not connect a ll cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1Turn Off your computer an d di sconnect the power cable.  
Connect the DP/Mini-DP to DP/HDMI cable from your monitor to the computer.
Connecting the HDMI cable
Connecting the black DisplayP ort (Mini-DP to DP) cable
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28  |  Setting Up the MonitorConnecting the black Disp layPort (DP to DP) cable
Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
 NOTE: U3417W supports the DP MST feature. To  make use of th is feature, your PC 
Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
The default out of factory setting in the U3417W is DP1.2.
To enable MST connection, please use only DP  cable as  provided in box (or other DP1.2 
certified cable) and perform the below steps:
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  29A) Monitor is able to show content
1Use OSD b utton to  navigate to Display .
2Go to MST  selection.
3Select On or Off accordingly .
B) Monitor fails to show any content (blank screen)
1Press  any button other than the power button to activate the Input Sou rce menu. 
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to highlight DP or mDP .
2Press and hold the 
  button for approximately 8 seconds.
3The DisplayPort con figuration message will appear.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30  |  Setting Up the Monitor4Use the 
  and 
  buttons to highlight Enable  or Disable  and press the 
  
button to confirm selection.
Repeat the above steps to change the DP format setting if necessary.
 CAU TION: The graphics are used for the pu rpose of illustra tion only. Appearance 
of the computer may vary.
Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
 NOTE: To prevent data  damage or loss, before  changing USB upstream ports, make 
sure that NO USB storage devices are in  use by the computer connected to the 
monitor’s USB upstream port.
After you have completed connecting the Mini- DP to DP/DP/HDMI cable, follow the 
procedures below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the co mputer and complete your 
monitor setup:
1 a. Connect one computer: connect the up stream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to 
an appropriate USB 3.0 port on your computer.  
b. Connect two computers*:  conn ect the upstr eam USB 3.0 ports to appropriate 
USB 3.0 ports on the two computers. T hen use the OSD menu to select between 
the two USB upstream sources and input sources. See USB Select Switch .
2Connect the  USB 3.0 peripherals to the do wnstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3Plug the power cables for your comput er(s) and monitor into a nearby outlet.
a. Connect one computer
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  31* When connecting two computers to the moni tor, the monitor's US B downstream ports 
for the keyboard and mouse can be assigned  to different input signals from the two 
computers by changing the USB Selection  settings from the OSD menu. (See USB 
Selection  for details).
4Turn On the monitor and the computer(s).  
If your monitor displays 
an image, installati on is complete. If it does not display an 
image, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems .
5Use the ca ble  slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See Connecting Your 
Monitor  for cable attachment,) organi ze all cables as shown above.b. Connect two computersDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32  |  Setting Up the MonitorRemoving the Monitor Stand
 NOTE: To prevent the curved LCD screen from being scratched and damaged 
while removing the stand, ensure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean foam. 
Direct contact with hard objects migh t cause damage to the curved monitor.
 NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective st and setup guide for the set-up instructions
.
To remove the stand:
1Place the mon i tor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2Press and hold the stand release button.
3Lift the stand up and away from the monitor.
Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1Place the mon i tor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
2Remove the stand.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  333Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remo ve the four screws securing the plastic 
cover.
4Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
wall mounting kit.
 NOTE: For use on ly with UL-listed wall moun t bracket with minimum weight/load 
bearing capacity of 30.6 kg.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34  |  Operating the MonitorOperating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the 
  button to turn On the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the mo nitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows 
the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  35The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key/
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset color modes.
2
Shortcut key/
VolumeUse this button to adjust th e volume. Minimum is ‘0’ (-). 
Maximum is ‘100’ (+).
3
MenuUse the MENU  button to launch the On-Screen Display 
(OSD) and select the OSD Menu. See Accessing the Menu 
System .
4
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit the OSD 
main menu.
5
Power
(with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and fu lly 
functional. A glowing white light indicates the power save 
mode.
Front Panel Button
Use the buttons on the fr ont of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
Front Panel Button Description
1
UpUse the Up button to adjust (increase ranges) items in the OSD menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36  |  Operating the MonitorUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
 NOTE: If you change the settings and then eith e r proceed to another menu or exit 
the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those changes. The changes are 
also saved if you change the settings and then wait for the OSD menu to disappear.
1Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
Main Menu for digital (HDMI) input
or2
DownUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease ranges) items in the OSD 
menu.
3
OKUse the OK button to confirm your selection.
4
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  37Main Menu for digital (mDP) input
or
Main Menu for digital (DP) input
2Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between the setting options. As you move 
from one icon to another, the option name  is highlighted. See the following table 
for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3Press the 
  button once to activate  the highlighted option.
4Press 
  and 
  button to select the desired parameter.
5Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  and 
  buttons, according 
to the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6Select the 
  button to return to the main menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38  |  Operating the MonitorIcon Menu and 
Subm enusDes cription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the 
  button to increase the brightness and press the 
  
button to decrease the brightness (min. 0 / max. 100).
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when Dynamic 
Contrast  is switched On.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust the Contrast only if further 
adjustment is necessary.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease the contrast (min. 0 / max. 100).
The Contrast  function adjusts the degree of difference between 
darkness and lightness on the monitor screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  39Input Source Use the Input Source menu to select between the different video 
signals that may be connected to your monitor.
DP Select the DP  input when you are using the DisplayPort (DP) 
connector. Press 
  to select the DisplayPort input source.
mDP Select the mDP  input when you are using the Mini DisplayPort (mDP) 
connector. Press 
  to select the Mini DisplayPort input source.
HDMI 1 Select the HDMI 1  input when you are using the HDMI 1 connector. 
Press 
  to select the HDMI 1 input source.
HDMI 2 Select the HDMI 2  input when you are using the HDMI 2 connector. 
Press 
  to select the HDMI 2 input source.
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceReset your monitor input settings to the factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40  |  Operating the MonitorColor Use Color to adjust the color setting mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  41Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard , 
ComfortView , Multimedia , Movie, Game , Color Temp. ,or Custom 
Color  from the list.
•S t a n d a r d : Load s the monitor's default color settings. This is the 
default preset mode.
•C o m f o r t V i e w : Decreases t he level of the blue light emitted from 
the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
•M u l t i m e d i a : Loa ds color settings ideal for multimedia applications.
•M o v i e : Loads color set t ings ideal for movies.
•G a m e : Loa d s color settings ideal for most gaming applications.
• Color Temp. : A llows users to select the color temperature: 5000K, 
5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K, and 10000K.
• Custom Color : Allows you to manually adjust the 6-axis color 
settings. 
Press the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the 6-axis colors values 
and create your own preset color mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42  |  Operating the MonitorInput Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB : Sele ct this option if your monitor is connected to a computer (or 
DVD
 player) using the HDMI cable (or DisplayPort cable).
YPbPr : Select this option if your monitor is connected to a DVD player 
by
 YPbPr using HDMI cable (or DisplayPort cable).
Or if the DVD color output setting is not RGB.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  43Gamma Allows you to set the Gamma  to 2.2 or 1.8.
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to green or purple. 
This is used to adjust the desired flesh tone color. Use 
  or 
  to 
adjust the hue from '0' to '100'.
Use 
  to increase the green shade of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the purple shade of the video image.
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only when you select Movie  or 
Game  preset mode.
Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the video image. Use 
 or 
  to adjust the saturation from '0' to '100'.
Use 
  to increase the colorful appearance of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the monochrome appearance of the video image.
NOTE: Saturation  adjustment is availabl e only when you select Movie  
or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color Reset your monitor color settings to the factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44  |  Operating the MonitorDisplay Use Display to adjust image.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wide 21:9 , Auto Resize , 4:3, or 1:1.
Monitor Sleep Allows you to let the monitor turn off automatically or stay on when 
your computer goes into sleep mode. When Sleep After Timeout  is 
selected, the monitor goes to sleep as the system sleeps; when Never 
is selected, you may prevent the screen from going off as the system 
sleeps for speedy di splay recovery from PC wake up.
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. Use 
  or 
 to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  45Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of contrast to provide sharper and 
more detailed image quality.
Press the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  "On" or " Off".
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you select 
Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response 
TimeAllows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
MST Press 
  to select the MST  "On" or " Off".
To use the DP MST (Daisy Chain) feature, turn on MST.
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen uniformity compensation settings. Calibrated  is factory 
calibrated setting by default. Uniformity Compensation  adjusts 
different areas of the screen with respect to the center to achieve 
uniform brightness and color over the entire screen. For optimal screen performance, Brightness  and Contrast for some preset modes 
(Standard, Color Temp. ) will be disabled when Uniformity 
Compensation  is turned On.
NOTE: User is advised to use factory default brightness setting when 
Uniformity Compensation  is turned on. For other brightness level 
setting, the uniformity performance may deviate from the data shown on the Factory Calibration Report.
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
Reset Display Select this option to restore default display settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46  |  Operating the MonitorPIP/PBP This function brings up a window displaying image from another input 
source.
X X X X X X X X Sub-Window
Main Window
DP
mDPDP mDP
HDMI 1HDMI 1
HDMI 2HDMI 2
NOTE: The images under PBP will be displayed at the center of the 
screen, not full screen.
NOTE: When you use the PIP/PBP feature, the DP MST (Daisy Chain) 
function is disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  47PIP/PBP Mode Adjusts the PIP/PBP (Picture in Picture/Pict ure by Picture) mode to PIP 
Small , PIP Large, PBP Aspect Ratio , or PBP Fill. You can disable this 
feature by selecting Off.
I
II
I II II IIII
PBP Fill PBP Aspect RatioPIP Large PIP Small
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be connected to 
your monitor for the PIP/PBP sub-window. 
PIP Location Select PIP sub-window position.
Use 
  or 
  to browse and 
  to select Top-Left , Top-Right , 
Bottom-Right , or  Bottom-Left .
USB Select 
SwitchSelect to switch between the USB up stream sources in PIP/PBP mode.
Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and sub-window in PIP/
PBP mode.
Contrast (Sub) Adjust the contrast level of the picture in PIP/PBP Mode.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease the contrast.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48  |  Operating the MonitorUSB Selection Select the USB upstream signals from the list: DP, mDP, HDMI 1, and 
HDMI 2, thus the monitor's USB downstream port (eg. keyboard and 
mouse) can be used by the current input signals when connecting a computer to either one of the upstream ports.
The display and USB upstream ports connection can be changed by 
selecting  the 
 input source function.
When you use only one upstream port, the connected upstream port 
is ac
tive.
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before changing USB 
upstream ports, make sure that NO  USB storage devices are in use by 
the computer connected to the monitor’s USB upstream port.
USB 1 Press 
  to Indicate the input signal for USB 1 . 
USB 2 Press 
  to Indicate the input signal for USB 2 . Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  49Audio
Volume Allows you to set the volume level of speakers.
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the volume level from '0' to '100'.
Audio Source Allows you to set the audio source from the main window or the sub-
window.
Speaker Allows you to enable or disable the speaker function.
Reset Audio Select this option to restore default audio settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50  |  Operating the MonitorEnergy
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or Off to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor standby 
mode.
NOTE: USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available when the 
USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset Energy Select this option to restore default Energy  settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  51Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, the 
languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on 
screen, and so on.
Language Language  options set the OSD display to one of the eight languages 
(English, Spanish, French, Germ an, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, 
Simplified Chinese or Japanese).
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by pressing the 
 and 
  buttons (Minimum: 0 ~ Maximum: 100).  
Timer OSD Hold Time : sets the length of time the OSD will remain active 
after the last time you pressed a button.
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the slider in 1 second increments, from 5 
to 60 seconds.
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock  is selected, no user 
adjustments are allowed. All buttons are locked.
NOTE: 
Unlock function– Only hard unlock (press and hold the button beside 
the power button for 6 seconds).
Lock function – Either  soft lock (through the OSD menu) or hard lock 
(press and hold the button beside the power button for 6 seconds).
Reset Menu Reset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52  |  Operating the MonitorPersonalize Users can choose a feature from Preset Modes , Brightness/Contrast , 
Input Source , Aspect Ratio , Volume , PIP/PBP Mode , USB Select 
Switch , or Video Swap  and set it as a shortcut key.
Others
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  53DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Comma nd Interface) allows your 
monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and etc.) to be 
adjustable via the software on your computer.  
You can disable this feat ure  by selecting Disable . 
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum performance o
f your monitor.
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of imag e retention. Depending on the 
degree of image retention, the program may take some time to run. 
You can enable this feature by selecting Enable .
Firmware Displays the current firmware version.
Reset Others Reset all settings under the Others  menu to the factory preset values.
Factory Reset Reset all settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54  |  Operating the Monitor NOTE: This moni tor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness 
to compensate for LED aging.
OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
the manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
When the monitor does not support a partic ular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 3440 x 1440.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  55When the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
or
or
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, one of the  following messages will 
appear depending on the selected input:
HDMI/Mini DisplayPort/DP input
or
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56  |  Operating the Monitoror
or
If either HDMI, Mini DisplayPort, or DP input is selected and the corresponding cable is 
not connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
or
orDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  57or
See Troubleshooting  for more information.
Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8, and Windows® 8.1:
1For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic 
desktop.
2Right-click on the desk top and click Screen Resolution .
3Click the Dr opdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3440 x 1440 .
4Click OK.
In Windows® 10:
1Right-click on the desk top and click Display settings .
2Click Advanc ed display settings .
3Click the dropdown list of Reso lution  and select 3440 x 1440 .
4Click Appl y.
If you do not see 3440 x 1440 as an option, you may nee d to update your graphics driver. 
Depending on your computer, complete  one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•Go to http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the 
latest driver for your graphics card.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58  |  Operating the MonitorIf you are using a non-Dell comp uter (po rtable or desktop):
•Go to  the support site for your computer  and download the latest graphic drivers.
•Go to your graphics card website an d download the latest  graphic drivers.
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
 NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt and swivel the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
 NOTE: The stand is de tached when the mo nitor is shipped from the factory.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  59Vertical Extension
 NOTE: The stand exte nds vertically  up to 115 mm. The figure below illustrates how 
to extend the stand vertically.
Dual-Monitor Setup
The recommended dual-monitor setup:
Landscape (side by side)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60  |  TroubleshootingTroubleshooting
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
1Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
2Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer . To ensure proper Self-Test 
operation, remove all digital cables from the back of computer.
3Turn on the monitor.
The floating di
alog box should appear on-s creen ( against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, the 
power LED remains white. Also, depending upon  the selected input, one of the dialogs 
shown below will continuously  scroll through the screen.
or
or
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  61or
4This box also appears during normal syst em operation, if the video cable becomes 
disconnected or damaged.
5Turn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer 
and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because yo ur monitor is functioning properly.
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent  problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
 NOTE: You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged 
and 
the monitor is in self-test mode .
To run the built-in diagnostics:
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62  |  Troubleshooting1Ensur e that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
2Unp lug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
then goes into the self-test mode.
3Pr ess and hold Button 1  on the front panel for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.
4Care fully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5Pr ess Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
6Inspect the display  for any abnormalities.
7Repeat ste ps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and text 
screens.
The test is complete when the text  screen appe ars. To exit, press Button 1  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon us ing the built-in diagnostic tool, the 
monitor is functioning properly. C heck the video card and computer.
Common Problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
Sy
mptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •Ensur e that the video cable connecting the monitor and the 
computer is properly connected and secure.
•V erify that the power outlet is functioning properly using 
any other electrical equipment.
•En sure that the power button is pressed fully.
•Ensure t hat the correct input source is selected in the Input 
Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no brightness•Increase bri
 ghtness & cont rast controls via OSD.
•P erform monitor self-test feature check.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Run t he built-in diagnostics.•Ensure t
hat the correct input source is selected in the Input 
Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, 
bl
urry, or 
ghosting•Eliminat e video extension cables.
•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
•Change  the video resolution to the correct aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery 
Vi
deoWavy picture or fine
 movement•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
•Check envir onmental factors.
•R elocate the monitor and test in another room.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  63Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spo
ts•Cy cle power On-Off.
•P ixel that is permanently Off is a natural defect that can 
occur in LCD technology.
•For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
br
ight spots•Cy cle power On-Off.
•P ixel that is permanently off is a natural defect that can 
occur in LCD technology.
•For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .
Brightness 
Pro
blemsPicture too dim or too 
bright•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
•Adjust  brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Geometric 
D
istortionScreen not centered corr
ectly•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
•Adjust  horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.
Horizontal/
Ve
rtical LinesScreen has one or more 
lines•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
•P erform monitor self-test feature check and determine if 
these lines are also in self-test mode.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Run t he built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization 
Pro
blemsScreen is scrambl
ed or 
appears torn•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
•P erform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the 
scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Re start the computer in the safe mode .
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of smok
e or sparks•D o not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•Cont act Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
Pro
blemsMonitor malfunc
tions on 
& off•En sure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly and is secure.
•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
•P erform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the 
intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing 
color•P erform monitor self-test feature check.
•En sure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly and is secure.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not 
go
od•C hange the settings of the Preset Modes  in the Color menu 
OSD depending on the application.
•Adju st R/G/B value under Custom Color  in Color menu 
OSD.
•Change  the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or YPbPr in the 
Color menu OSD.
•Run t he built-in diagnostics.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  64  |   T r o u b l e s h o o t i n gProduct Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is centered on screen,
 but does 
not fill entire viewing area•Check the Aspect Ratio  setting
  in the Display menu OSD.
•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot
 adjust 
the
 monitor 
with the 
buttons on the 
front panelOSD does not appear
 on the 
screen•Turn Off the monitor, unplug the power cord, plug it back, 
an
d then turn On the monitor.
•Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If yes, press and 
hold
 the button beside the Power button for 6 seconds to 
unlock (for more information, see Lock ).
No Input Signal wh
en user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, the 
LED li ght i
s white•Check the signal source. Ensure the computer is not in the 
pow
er saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any 
key on the keyboard.
•Check whether the signal cable is plugged in properly. Re-
plu
g the signal cable if necessary.
•Reset the computer or video player.
The p
icture 
does not  fill the
 
entire screenThe picture cann
ot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of DVDs, the 
monit
or may display in full screen.
•Run t he built-in diagnostics.Image ret
ention 
from a static 
ima
ge left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the
 static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen•Use the Power Management feature to turn off the monitor 
at
 all times when not in use (for more information, see 
Power Management Modes ).
•Alter natively, use a dynamically changing screensaver.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
USB interface is 
not workingUSB peripherals are not working•Check that your monitor is turned On.
•Reconnect the up stream cab
 le to your computer.
•Reconnect the USB p e ripherals (downstream connector).
•Switch Off and then turn On the monitor again.
•Reboot the computer.
•Some USB devices like external portable HDD require higher 
electric cu
rrent; connect the device directly to the 
computer system.
•Disconnect one upstream USB cable when using two 
upst
ream connections.
High Speed 
USB 3
.0 
interface is 
slowHigh Speed USB 
3.0
 peripherals 
working slowly or 
not working at all•Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
•Some computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and USB 1.1 ports. 
Ensure
 that the correct USB port is used.
•Reconnect the up stream cab le to your computer.
•Reconnect the USB p e ripherals (downstream connector).
•Reboot the computer.
W
ireless mouse 
is n
ot working 
or laggingDo not respond or responds  
slowly•Increase the distance between the USB 3.0 peripherals and 
t
he wireless USB receiver.
•Position your wireless USB r e ceiver as close as possible to 
the wireless mouse.
•Use a USB-extender cable to position the wireless USB 
r
eceiver as far away as possible from the USB 3.0 port.
Troubleshooting  |  65Universal Serial Bus (U SB) Specific Problems
Speakers Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No sound 
coming from 
the speakersCannot hear any 
sound•Turn Off the monitor, unplug the monitor power cord, 
r
eplug it, and then turn On the monitor. 
•Check the audio cable connection is connected correctly 
t
o the computer Audio Line Out port.
•Unplug the audio cable from the Audio Line Out port.
•Reset the monitor to factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  66  |   A p p e n d i xAppendix
WARNING:  Safety Instructions
 WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustment s, or procedures other than those 
specified in this documentation may result  in exposure to shock, electrical 
hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety , Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory info rmation, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States , call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
 NOTE: If you do not have an active Inter net connection, you can find contact 
information on your purchase invoice, pa cking slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability var
ies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
•On line technical assistance ─ www.dell.com/support/monitors
•Contacti ng Dell ─ www.dell.com/contactdell
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model: U2421HE/U2721DE
Regulatory model: U2421HEt/U2721DEtDell UltraSharp 24/27
USB-C Hub Monitor - U2421HE/U2721DE
User’s GuideNOTE:  A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of 
data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2020 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved.  Dell, EMC, and other trademarks 
are trademarks of Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. Other trademarks may be trademarks of their respective 
owners.
2020 – 03   
Rev. A00Contents
About Your Monitor  ................................. 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Identifying Parts and Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10
Plug-and-Play  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Setting Up the Monitor  ............................. 25
Attaching the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . . . 28
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .29
Organizing Your Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Removing the Monitor Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Wall Mounting (Optional)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Operating the Monitor  .............................. 34
Turning on the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .34
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Using the OSD Lock function  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
         Contents       |     34   |      Contents       Troubleshooting  ................................... 54
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Common Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Product Specific Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .57
Appendix ......................................... 59
Safety Instructions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .59
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory Information  . . . . . . . . 59
Contacting Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .59
Setting Up Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Maintenance Guidelines  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62 About Your Monitor       |     5About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have received all 
the components and contact Dell if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Display
Stand riser 
Stand base
                            Power cable (varies by country)
USB Type -C cable (C to C)6    |       About Y our Monitor
DP cable
U2421HE Color Calibration Fa ctory Re port
Every De ll U2421HE is shi pped incorporating pre-t uned  
standard mode(sRGB) with average Delta-E ≤2.
This helps prevent significant color inconsistency or  
inaccuracy when content is displayed on screen.
In addition, a tighter grey- scale tracking on each U 2421HE
helps enable ultra-sm ooth color gradation. The  factory
measurements  from this very unit are shown here.
Be assured o f Accurate, Precise and Consistent
Onscr een Col or with eve ry De ll U ltraSharp U 2421HE .Seria l No.
Tester
Test
EquipmentCN00WG2J 7444572B 046L
2008L 0415
CA-210 /CA-310
CA-2000S
Chroma 2326/2235/ 2233
Standard mode ( sRGB) Avg. Delta E ≤ 2
Gray-Scale Tracking
Gamma
Note: 
Calibrations were done a ccording to De ll approved test procedures using ca librated  
equipment at the  factory production li ne.  This Report is provided only with and  for this new De ll U2421HE
UltraSharp monitor.  Results may vary with other test equipment, setups and test pa tterns.  Please retain this Report  
for your reference as De ll is unable to reproduce it or provide a dup licate.
•	Quick Setup Guide
•	Safety,Environmental,and 
Regulatory Information
•	Factory Calibration Report 
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp U2421HE/U2721DE monitor has an active matrix, thinfilm transistor 
(TFT), liquid crystal display (LCD), and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
•	U2421HE: 60.47 cm (23.8 in.) active area display (Measured diagonally) 1920 x 1080 (16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•	U2721DE: 68.47 cm (27 in.) active area display (Measured diagonally) 2560 x 1440 (16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•	Wide viewing angles with 99% sRGB color with an average Delta E<2.
•	Tilt, swivel, pivot and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
•	Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•	Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier set up with an elegant viewing experience.
•	Extensive digital connectivity with DP helps future-proof your monitor.
•	Single USB Type-C to supply power to compatible notebook while receiving video 
signal.
•	USB-C and RJ45 ports enable a single-cable, network-connected experience.
•	Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•	On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
•	Power and OSD buttons lock.
•	Security lock slot.
•	0.3 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
•	Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.
NOTE: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the monitor may     
cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital eye strain. ComfortView  feature is designed to reduce the amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to optimize eye comfort. About Your Monitor       |     7Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
1 2
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)8    |       About Y our Monitor
Back View            
61
2
3
4
5DELL                                                                                                                                   U2421HE
Flat Panel Monitor / Monitor Plano Panel / Moniteur à écran plat / 液晶顯示器
Model No. / N° de Modelo / Numéro de modèle / 型號:   U2421HEt
Input Rating / Entrada / Daya Tegangan / Tension d’entrée: 100-240V ~ 50/60Hz  1.6 A
輸入電源 :交流電壓 100-240 伏特 , 1.5 安培, 50/60 赫茲
Удельная мощность рабочего режима - X,XXX Вт /см
Потребляемая мощность изделием в режиме  ожидания -X,XX Вт
Потребляемая мощность изделием в выключенном режиме - X,XX Вт2Made in China / Fabricado en China / Fabriqués en Chine / Сделано в Китае / 製造地:中國 
警語:使用過度恐傷害視力신청인：Wistron Corporation (For Korea)
               Wistron InfoComm (Zhongshan) Corporation Linhai Branch
제조자:   Wistron InfoComm (Zhongshan) Corporation Linhai Branch
A/S 연락처:080-854-0066
제조국: 중국CAN ICES-3 (B)/NMB-3(B)Apparatet må  tilkoples jordet stikkontakt.
Apparaten skall anslutas till jordat uttag.
Apparatets stikprop skal tilsluttes en stikkontakt med jord, 
som giver forbindelse til stikproppens jord.
Laite on liitettävä suojakoskettimilla varustettuun pistorasiaan.Consumo de energía en operación XX.X Wh
This equipment complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: 
(1) This equipment may not cause harmful interference, and
(2) this equipment must accept any interference received, 
including interference that may cause undesired operation.
ID XXXXXXXXXXID  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX-XX XXXXXAddress for EU Only:
Raheen Business Park
Limerick Ireland
www.dell.com/regulatory_complianceXXXXXXXX-XXXXX
R-REM-WT1-U2421HEt
И005-18
U2421HE
U2421HE
January 2020
     
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes (100 mm x 100 
mm-behind attached VESA cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock (sold separately).
5 Barcode, serial number, and Service Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact Dell for technical support.
6 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them through the slot.
Side View
USB downstream port
Port with  battery icon supports BC 1.2. About Your Monitor       |     9Bottom View
1 2 3 45610
789
Label Description Use
1 AC power port To connect the monitor power cable.
2 HDMI port Connect your computer with HDMI cable (optional).
3 DP port (in) Connect your computer with DP cable.
4 USB Type-C/DisplayPort Connect to your computer using the USB Type-C 
cable. The USB 3.1 Type-C port offer the fastest transfer rate and the alternate mode with DP 1.4 support the maximum resolution of 1920 x 1080  at 60 
Hz(U2421HE) and 2560 x 1440 at 60 Hz(U2721DE), PD 20 V/3.25 A, 15 V/3 A, 9 V/3 A, 5 V/3 A.NOTE: USB Type-C is not supported on Windows versions that are prior to Windows 10.
5 DP port (out)
DP output for MST (multi-stream transport) 
capable monitor. To enable MST, refer to instruction on section “ Connecting the Monitor for DP MST 
Function ”. 
NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when using DP out connector.
6&8 USB downstream ports(2) Connect your USB device. You can use these ports only after you have connected the USB cable (Type-C to Type-C)  from the computer to the monitor. Port 
with 
 battery icon supports Battery Charging  
Rev. 1.2 .
7 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming through 
USB Type-C or DP audio channels.Only supports 2-channel audio.NOTE: The audio line-out port does not support headphones.
9 RJ-45 connector Remote Network Management and control of display via RJ-45.
10 Stand lock Lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm (U2721DE)/ M3 x 8 mm (U2421HE)  screw (screw not 
included).10    |       About Y our Monitor
Monitor Specifications
Model U2421HE U2721DE
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel Type In-plane switching Technology In-plane switching Technology
Aspect ratio 16:9 16:9
Viewable image dimensions
  Diagonal 60.47 cm (23.8 in.) 68.47 cm (27 in.)
    Active Area      Horizontal 527.04  mm ( 20.75  in.) 596.74  mm ( 23.49  in.)
      Vertical 296.46 mm  ( 11.67 in.) 335.66 mm  ( 13.21 in.)
  Area 156246.3 mm
2 (242.15 in.2) 200301.7 mm2 (310.30  in.2)
Pixel pitch 0.2745 mm x 0.2745 mm 0.233 mm x 0.233 mm
Pixel per inch (PPI) 92.5 109
Viewing angle
   Horizontal 178° (typical) 178° (typical)
   Vertical 178° (typical) 178° (typical)
Brightness 250 cd/m² (typical) 350 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical) 1000 to 1 (typical)
Display screen coating Anti-glare treatment of the front 
polarizer (3H) hard coatingAnti-glare treatment of the front polarizer (3H) hard coating
Backlight LED LED
Response Time (Gray 
to Gray)5 ms (FAST mode) 
8 ms (NORMAL mode)5 ms (FAST mode) 8 ms (NORMAL mode)
Color depth 16.7 million colors 16.7 million colors
Color gamut* 99% sRGB
99% REC70985% DCI-P399% sRGB99% REC70985% DCI-P3
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average) Delta E < 2 (average) About Your Monitor       |     11Connectivity •	1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
•	1 x HDMI1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
•	1 x USB Type-C (Alternate 
mode with DisplayPort 1.4, USB 3.1 upstream port, Power Delivery PD up to 65 W)
•	1 x DP (Out) with MST (HDCP 1.4)
•	2 x USB 3.0 downstream port
•	2 x USB 3.0 with BC1.2 charging capability at 2A (max)
•	1 x Analog 2.0 audio line out (3.5 mm jack)
•	1 x RJ45•	1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
•	1 x HDMI1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
•	1 x USB Type-C (Alternate mode with DisplayPort 1.4, USB 3.1 upstream port, Power Delivery PD up to 65 W)
•	1 x DP (Out) with MST (HDCP 1.4)
•	2 x USB 3.0 downstream port
•	2 x USB 3.0 with BC1.2 charging  capability at 2A (max)
•	1 x Analog 2.0 audio line out (3.5 mm jack)
•	1 x RJ45
Border width (edge of monitor to active area)5.0 mm (Top)
5.1 mm (Left/Right)8.0 mm (Bottom)6.90 mm (Top)6.90 mm (Left/Right)8.1 mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
  Height adjustable 
stand130 mm 130 mm
  Tilt -5° to 21° -5° to 21°
  Swivel -40° to 40° -40° to 40°
Cable management Yes Yes
Dell Display Manager (DDM)CompatibilityEasy Arrangeand other key featuresEasy Arrangeand other key features
Security  Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately) Anti-theft stand lock slot (to panel)Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately) Anti-theft stand lock slot (to panel)
* At panel native only, under Custom Mode preset.
Resolution Specifications
Model U2421HE U2721DE
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 83 kHz 30 kHz to 90 kHz
Vertical scan range 56 Hz to 76 Hz 56 Hz to 76 Hz
Maximum preset resolution 1920 x 1080 at 60 Hz 2560 x 1440 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities (DP & USB Type-C playback)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p12    |       About Y our Monitor
Preset Display Modes
U2421HE
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity (Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600  37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 900   60.0 60.0 108.0 -/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
U2721DE
Display Mode Horizontal Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity (Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600  37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200   75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2048 x 1080 66.58 60.0 147.16 +/-
CVR, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/- About Your Monitor       |     13DP MST Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
U2421HE
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external monitors that can be 
supported
1920 x 1080/60 Hz
1920 x 1080/60 Hz 3
NOTE : Maximum external monitor resolution supported is 1920  x 1080 60 Hz only.
U2721DE
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external monitors that can be 
supported
2560 x 1440/60 Hz
2560 x 1440/60 Hz 1
NOTE : Maximum external monitor resolution supported is 256 0 x 1440 60 Hz only.
USB-C MST Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
U2421HE
OSD Dislay Info: Link 
rate(current)Maximum number of external monitors that can be supported
1920 x 1080/60 Hz
HBR3 2
HBR2 1
U2721DE
OSD Dislay Info: Link 
rate(current)Maximum number of external monitors that can be supported
2560 x 1440/60 Hz
HBR3 (High Resolution) 1
HBR3 (High Data Speed) 0
HBR2 (High Resolution) 1
HBR2 (High Data Speed) 014    |       About Y our Monitor
Electrical Specifications
Model U2421HE/U2721DE
Video input signals •	Digital video signal for each differential line 
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance
•	DP/USB Type-C signal input support
Input voltage/ frequency/current 100-240 VAC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 1.8 A (maximum)
Inrush current 120 V: 30 A (Max.)
240 V: 60 A (Max.)
Physical Characteristics
Model U2421HE U2721DE
Connector type •	DP connector (include DP 
in and DP out)
•	HDMI connector
•	USB Type-C connector
•	Audio line-out
•	RJ45 connector
•	USB 3.0 downstream port connector x 4
(Port with 
 battery 
icon supports BC 1.2.)•	DP connector (include DP in and DP out)
•	HDMI connector
•	USB Type-C connector
•	Audio line-out
•	RJ45 connector
•	USB 3.0 downstream port connector x 4
(Port with 
 battery 
icon supports BC 1.2.)
Signal cable type DP to DP 1.8 M cable USB Type-C 1.0 M cableDP to DP 1.8 M cable USB Type-C 1.0 M cable
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 478.4 mm (18.84 in.) 520.2 mm (20.48 in.)
Height (compressed) 348.4 mm (13.72 in.) 390.2 mm (15.36 in.)
Width 538.5 mm (21.20 in.) 612.2 mm (24.10 in.)
Depth 165.0 mm (6.50 in.) 180.0 mm (7.09 in.)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 313.7 mm (12.35 in.) 355.0 mm (13.98 in.)
Width 538.5 mm (21.20 in.) 612.2 mm (24.10 in.)
Depth 39.0 mm (1.54 in.) 39.0 mm (1.54 in.)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 393.5 mm (15.49 in.) 413.6 mm (16.28 in.)
Height (compressed) 347.0 mm (13.66 in.) 367.1 mm (14.45 in.) About Your Monitor       |     15Width 218.0 mm (8.58 in.) 230.0 mm (9.06 in.)
Depth 165.0 mm (6.50 in.) 180.0 mm (7.09 in.)
Weight
Weight with packaging 7.55 kg (16.64 lb) 8.72 kg (19.22 lb)
Weight with stand assembly 
and cables5.32 kg (11.73 lb) 6.24 kg (13.75 lb)
Weight without stand assembly (For wall mount or VESA mount considerations - no cables)3.37 kg (7.43 lb) 4.19 kg (9.23 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 1.59 kg (3.50 lb) 1.72 kg (3.79 lb)
Environmental Characteristics
Model U2421HE/U2721DE
Compliant Standards
•	ENERGY STAR certified Monitor.
•	EPEAT registered where applicable. EPEAT registration varies by country. 
   See www.epeat.net for registration status by country.
•	TCO Certified Display .
•	RoHS Compliant.  
•	BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding external cables).
•	Meets NFPA 99 leakage current requirements.
•	Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only.
Temperature
 Operating 0°C to 40°C (32°F to 104°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
 Operating 10 % to 80 % (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5 % to 90 % (non-condensing)
Altitude
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation
U2421HE 478.02 BTU/hour (maximum)
59.75 BTU/hour (typical)
U2721DE 546.30 BTU/hour (maximum)113.36 BTU/hour (typical)16    |       About Y our Monitor
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA’s DPM-compliant video card or software installed in your PC, the monitor 
can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is referred to as power save mode*. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, mouse, or other input devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power saving feature.
U2421HE
VESA 
ModesHorizontal SyncVertical Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal operationActive Active Active White 140 W (maximum)**  
17.5 W (typical)
Active-off modeInactive Inactive Off White
(Glowing)Less than 0.3 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Power Consumption Pon 12.87 W
Total Energy Consumption (TEC) 43.56 kWh
U2721DE
VESA 
ModesHorizontal SyncVertical Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal operationActive Active Active White 160 W (maximum)**  
33.2 W (typical)
Active-off modeInactive Inactive Off White
(Glowing)Less than 0.3 W 
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Power Consumption Pon 19.9 W
Total Energy Consumption (TEC) 64.3 kWh About Your Monitor       |     17The OSD operates only in the normal operation mode. If you press any button in the active-
off mode, the following message is displayed:   
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
U2421HE/U2721DE
No DP signal from your device.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse or wake it up. 
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select the correctinput source.
*Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting 
the AC mains cable from the monitor.
**Maximum power consumption with maximum luminance, and USB active.
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your product may 
perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. Accordingly, the customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions about electrical tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or implied.
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR certified. 
This product qualifies for ENERGY STAR in the factory default settings which can be 
restored by “Factory Reset” function in the OSD menu. Changing the factory default 
settings or enabling other features may increase power consumption that could exceed the ENERGY STAR specified limit.
 NOTE:
Pon: Power consumption of On Mode as defined in Energy Star 8.0 version.
TEC: Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy Star 8.0 version.18    |       About Y our Monitor
Pin Assignments
DP port (in)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(n)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH (p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWR About Your Monitor       |     19DP port (out)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH(p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH(n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWR20    |       About Y our Monitor
HDMI port
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT About Your Monitor       |     21USB Type-C port
Pin Signal Pin Signal
A1 GND B12 GND
A2 SSTXp1 B11 SSRXp1
A3 SSTXn1 B10 SSRXn1
A4 VBUS B9 VBUS
A5 CC1 B8 SBU2
A6 Dp1 B7 Dn1
A7 Dn1 B6 Dp1 
A8 SBU1 B5 CC2
A9 VBUS B4 VBUS
A10 SSRXn2 B3 SSTXn2
A11 SSRXp2 B2 SSTXp2
A12 GND B1 GND22    |       About Y our Monitor
Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
 NOTE: Up to 2 A on USB downstream port (port with  battery icon) with BC 1.2 
compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 2 USB downstream ports.
Your computer has the following USB ports:
•	4 downstream - 2 at left side, 2 at bottom 
Power Charging Port - the ports with  battery icon supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE: The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in the power save 
mode. In power save mode, if the USB cable (Type-C to Type-C) is plugged in, the USB 
ports can work normally.  Otherwise, follow the OSD setting of USB, if the setting is “On 
During Standby” then USB work normally, otherwise USB is disabled. If you turn off the monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals may take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Transfer speed Data rate Maximum power consumption (each port)
SuperSpeed 5 Gbps 4.5 W
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 2.5 W
Full speed 12 Mbps 2.5 W
USB downstream port
Pin number Signal
1 VBUS
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield About Your Monitor       |     23RJ45 port (connector side)
PHY SIDECABLE SIDERJ45GREEN
GREENORANGE
SHIELD
GROUND2kV, 1000pFPin Signal Pin Signal
1 TD1 + 8 TD3 -
2 TD1 - 9 TD4 +
3 TD2 + 10 TD4 -
4 TD2 - 11 GREEN_ORANGE
5 CT 12 GREEN_ORANGE
6 CT 13 GREEN
7 TD3 + 14 GREEN
Support OS
OS Version
Windows Win7 (LAN driver V7.48)
Win8, 8.1 (LAN driver V8.55)Win10 (LAN driver V10.34)
Linux OS(Chorms, Android, 
Other Linux based OS)The Linux OS base on kernel version support to V4.15 or before (LAN driver V2.12.0)
macOS V10.6 to V10.15 (LAN driver V1.0.20) 
Network (RJ45) data rate via USB-C at: 1). video priority: 480 Mbps2). data priority: 1000  Mbps
 NOTE: This LAN port is 1000Base-T IEEE 802.3az compliant, supporting Mac Address Pass-thru and Wake-on-LAN (WOL) from standby (S3 only) mode. It also supports PXE Boot function, include UEFI PXE and Legacy PXE.24    |       About Y our Monitor
Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data (EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect the display quality or usability. For more information on LCD Monitor Pixel Policy, see Dell support site at: www.dell.com/support/monitors . Setting Up the Monitor       |     25Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Attaching the Stand
    NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is shipped
         from the factory.
    NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased
         any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
    CAUTION: Place monitor of a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching the
           display panel. 
    To attach the monitor stand:
1 Align the stand base protruded blocks to the matching slot on the stand.
2 Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.3 Lift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.4 After fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.26    |       Setting Up the Monitor
1 Remove the monitor protective cover and place the monitor with its front facing     
 downward on it.2 Insert the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of  the monitor.3 Press the stand down till it snaps into its place. Setting Up the Monitor       |     27Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
   NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. If you purchased any other
        stand, refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most comfortable 
viewing angle.
5°
40° 40°130 mm
21°
  NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended and fully 
tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
21 90° 90°
  NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included with 
this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to www.dell.com/support and see the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates. 
  NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience performance degradation 
in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).28    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to adjust 
the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
 NOTE: If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2   Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3   If you have an AMD graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.   4
   If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.   5
   If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 
 NOTE: If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support and download the latest driver for your graphics card.  Setting Up the Monitor       |     29Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions . 
    To connect your monitor to the computer:
         1    Turn off your computer.         2    Connect the DP/USB type-C cable from your monitor to the computer. 
         3    Switch on your monitor. 
         4   Select the correct input source at monitor OSD Menu and turn on your computer.           
  NOTE: U2421HE/U2721DE default setting is DP 1.4. A DP 1.1 Graphic card  
       may not display normally. Please refer to “ product specific problems – No image when 
using DP connection to the PC ” to change default setting.
Connecting the HDMI cable (Optional)
HDMI
HDMI
Connecting the DP cable 
DP
DP30    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
DP
 DP out
DPDP
   NOTE:  Supports the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your PC    
        Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
   NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when using DP out connector.
Connecting the USB Type-C cable 
USB Type-C
USB Type-C
The USB Type-C port on your monitor:
•	 Can be used as USB Type-C or DisplayPort 1.4,  alternatively. 
•	 Supports USB Power Delivery (PD), with profiles up to 65 W.
   NOTE: Regardless of the power requirement/actual power consumption of your laptop, 
or the remaining power runtime in your battery, the Dell U2421HE/U2721DE monitor is 
designed to supply power delivery of up to 65 W to your laptop.
Rated power (on laptops that have USB Type-C with PowerDelivery)Maximum charging power
45 W 45 W
65 W 65 W
90 W Not supported
130 W Not supported Setting Up the Monitor       |     31Connecting the monitor for USB-C Multi-Stream Transport 
(MST) function
DP out
USB Type-CDP in USB Type-C
   NOTE: The maximum number of supported U2721DE via MST is subjected to the 
bandwith of the USB-C source. Please refer to “ product specific problems –No image  
when using USB-C MST”.
   NOTE:  Remove the rubber plug when using DP out connector.
Connecting the monitor for RJ45 Cable  (Optional)
USB Type-C
USB Type-C RJ45
   NOTE: RJ45 cable is non in-box standard accessory.32    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Organizing Your Cables 
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connect -
ing Your Monitor for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION: To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the 
stand,  make sure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased 
any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
To remove the stand:
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
    2    Press and hold the stand-release button. 
    3    Lift the stand up and away from the monitor. 
 
23     Setting Up the Monitor       |     33Wall Mounting (Optional)
U2421HE
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.    2    Remove the stand.    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the             plastic cover.    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the            wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 3.37 kg (U2421HE)/4.19 kg (U2721DE).34    |       Operating the Monitor
Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the 
  button to turn on the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons at the bottom edge of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of 
the image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
34 5 1 2
    Operating the Monitor       |     35The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front -P anel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
3
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen display (OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System.
4
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit the 
OSD main menu.
5
Power (with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white LED indicates the monitor is On and fully functional.
A glowing white LED indicates DPMS Power Save 
Mode.36    |       Operating the Monitor
Using the OSD Lock function
With the control buttons on the monitor locked, you can prevent people from accessing the 
controls. It also prevents accidental activation in multiple monitors side-by-side setup. 
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source RotationLanguage
Transparency
Timer
Lock
Reset Menu Power Button
Menu + Power Buttons
DisableMenu Buttons Menu
Personalize
Others
1. The following message will appear:
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Are you sure you want to lock the Menu Buttons?
To unlock the Buttons, refer to the User’s Guide.
Yes No
U2421HE/U2721DE
2. Select ‘Yes‘ to Lock the buttons, the following table describes the control icons:
Options Description
1
Menu Buttons lock Use this icon to lock OSD menu function.
2
Power button lockUse this icon to lock power button from powering off.
3
Menu and Power buttons lockUse this icon to lock OSD menu and power button from 
powering off. Operating the Monitor       |     37Options Description
4
Built-in DiagnosticsUse this icon to run the built-in diagnostics, see Built-in 
Diagnostics .
3. Hold 
  for 4 seconds, Select the following table describes the unlock icons:
Options Description
1
Menu Buttons lock Use this icon to unlock OSD menu function.
2
Power button lockUse this icon to unlock power button from powering off.
3
Menu and Power buttons lockUse this icon to unlock OSD menu and power button from powering off.38    |       Operating the Monitor
Front -P anel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
23 1  
Front Panel Button Description
1      
           
   
 
               Up             DownUse the Up (increase) and Down (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back button to go back to the previous menu. Operating the Monitor       |     39Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
75 %75 %
Menu
Personalize
Others
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted. 
  3   Press the 
  or 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.  6   Select the 
 to return to previous menu or 
  to accept and return to previous 
        menu.40    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast adjustment.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
75 %75 %
Menu
Personalize
Others
Brightness Brightness adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness first, and then adjust Contrast only if 
further adjustment is necessary. 
Press the 
   button to increase contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease contrast (between 0 and 100).
Contrast adjusts the difference between darkness and lightness 
on the monitor.
Input Source Use the Input Source menu to select between different video inputs that are connected to your monitor. 
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
Menu
Personalize
OthersDPUSB Type-C
Reset Input SourceOn Auto SelectHDMI
Prompt for Multiple Inputs Auto Select for USB-C   Operating the Monitor       |     41Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
USB Type-C Select USB Type-C input when you are using the USB Type-C connector. 
Use 
 to select the USB Type-C input source.
DP Select DP input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort) 
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP input source.
HDMI Select HDMI input when you are using the HDMI connector. Use 
 to select the HDMI input source.
Auto Select Use 
  to select Auto Select, the monitor scans for available 
input sources.
Auto Select 
for USB-CAllows you to set Auto Select for USB Type-C to:
•	Prompt for Multiple Inputs : always show Switch to USB 
Type-C Video Input message for user to choose whether to 
switch or not. 
•	Yes: The monitor always switch to USB Type-C video without 
asking while USB Type-C connected.
•	No: The monitor  will NOT auto switch to USB Type-C video 
from another available input. 
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory defaults.
Color Use the Color menu to adjust the color setting mode.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source Input Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color Standard 
RGB
Menu
Personalize
Others42    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes, you can choose Standard, 
ComfortView, Multiscreen Match, Movie, Game, Color Temp. or Custom Color from the list.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Input Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color ComfortView
Multiscreen MatchStandard
Movie
Game
Color Temp.
Custom ColorBrightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
Menu
Personalize
Others
•	Standard: Default color settings. This is the default preset 
mode. 
•	ComfortView: Decreases the level of blue light emitted from the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
NOTE: To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/
shoulders pain from using the monitor for long periods of time, we suggest you to :
•	Set the screen about 20 to 28 in. (50-70 cm) from your eyes.
•	Blink frequently to moisten or rewet your eyes when working 
with the monitor.
•	Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes every two hours.
•	Look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant object at 20 feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
•	Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck/arm/back/shoulders during the breaks.
•	Multiscreen Match: Option to allow matching of the white backgrounds on multiple monitors.
•	Movie: Ideal for movies.
•	Game: Ideal for most gaming applications.
•	Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow tint 
with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with slider set at 10,000K.
•	Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color settings. 
Press the  
 and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, Green, and 
Blue values and create your own preset color mode. Operating the Monitor       |     43Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Color FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
•	RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the USB Type-C, DP cable. YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only YPbPr output.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Input Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color RGB
YPbPrBrightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
Menu
Personalize
Others
Hue Use 
  or 
  to adjust the hue from 0 to 100. 
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only for Movie and Game 
mode.
Saturation Use 
  or 
  to adjust the saturation from 0 to 100.
NOTE: Saturation adjustment is available only for Movie and Game mode.
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults.44    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Display  Use the Display menu to adjust image. 
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
 Sharpness 50
Response Time NormalWide 16:9 Aspect Ratio
Menu
Personalize
OthersOﬀ MST
Reset DisplayHigh Resolution USB-C Prioritization
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9, Auto Resize, 4:3, 1:1.
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Response 
TimeAllows you to set the Response Time to Normal or Fast.
MST DP Multi Stream Transport,  Set to ON enables MST(DP out), Set 
to OFF disables MST function. 
NOTE: When DP/USB Type-C upstream cable and DP 
downstream cable is connected, monitor will set MST = ON automatically, this action will only be done once after Factory Reset or Display Reset.
USB-C 
Prioritization
(U2721DE 
only)High Resolution: High Resolution can match two monitors with 
2560 x 1440 resolution.
NOTE: High Resolution is available only for MST ON. This is 
default setting. 4 Lane DP only for USB 2.0 input, no USB 3.0.
High data speed: High data speed is for 2 Lane DP USB3.0.
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults. Operating the Monitor       |     45Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput SourceEnglish
RotationLanguage
Transparency
Timer20
20 s
Lock
Reset MenuDisable
 Menu
Personalize
Others
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, 
Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 0/90/180/270 degrees.You can adjust the menu according to your display rotation.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
 
and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer OSD Hold Time: Sets the length of time the OSD remains active after you press a button.
Use the 
 and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second  
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.46    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. the buttons are locked.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source RotationLanguage
Transparency
Timer
Lock
Reset Menu Power Button
Menu + Power Buttons
DisableMenu Buttons Menu
Personalize
Others
•	Menu Buttons: Through OSD to lock the Menu buttons.
•	Power Button: Through OSD to lock the Power button.
•	Menu + Power Buttons: Through OSD to lock the all of Menu 
and Power buttons. 
•	Disable: Press and hold the 
  button on the left of the power 
button for 4 sec.
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults. Operating the Monitor       |     47Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
  Personalize
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
On During ActiveBrightness/ContrastPreset Modes
Shortcut Key 2
Power Button LEDShortcut Key 1
Menu
Personalize
OthersReset PersonalizationUSB-A ChargingOﬀ During Standby
USB-C Charging Oﬀ During Power Oﬀ
Shortcut 
key 1Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input Source, Aspect Ratio, Rotation set as shortcut key 1.
Shortcut  key 2Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input Source, Aspect Ratio, Rotation set as shortcut key 2.
Power Button LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy.
USB-A ChargingAllows you to enable or disable USB Type-A (Downstream Ports) charging function during monitor standby mode.
NOTE: This option is only available when the USB Type-C 
(Upstream Port) cable is unplugged. If the USB Type-C cable is connected, USB-A Charging follows the USB host power status and the option is not accessible.
NOTE: This option was previously called “USB” in older monitor 
firmware revisions.
USB-C ChargingAllows you to enable or disable Always On USB Type-C Charging function during monitor Power Off mode. 
ResetPersona-lizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults.48    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Others
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
M2T101
H8CJ2NFOﬀOn
LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Service Tag
Reset Others
Factory Reset ENERGY  STAR®Display Info
Menu
Personalize
Others
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings such as the 
DDC/CI, LCD conditioning, and so on.
  Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
DDC/CI DDC/CI (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows you 
to adjust the monitor settings using software on your computer.
Select Off to turn off this feature.Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
OﬀOn
LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Service Tag
Reset Others
Factory ResetDisplay Info
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
Menu
Personalize
Others
 Operating the Monitor       |     49Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
LCD ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on the degree of image retention, the program may take some time to run. Select On to start the process. 
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Service TagOn
Oﬀ
Reset Others
Factory ResetDisplay Info
Menu
Personalize
Others
Firmware Firmware version.
Service Tag Displays the Service Tag. The Service Tag is a unique 
alphanumeric identifier that allows Dell to identify the product specifications and access warranty information. 
NOTE: The Service Tag is also printed on a label located at the 
back of the cover.
Reset Others Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI, to factory defaults.
Factory ResetRestores all preset values to the factory default settings. These are also the settings for ENERGY STAR
® tests.
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
M2T101
H8CJ2NFOﬀOn
LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Service Tag
Reset Others
ENERGY  STAR®Display Info
Menu
Personalize
Others Factory Reset
50    |       Operating the Monitor
OSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the following 
message:
U2421HE
Dell UltraSharp 24 Monitor
The current input timing is not supported by the monitor display. Please 
change your input timing to 
listed timing as per the monitor speciﬁcations. 1920x1080, 60Hz or any other monitor
U2421HE
U2721DE
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
The current input timing is not supported by the monitor display. Please 
change your input timing to listed timing as per the monitor speciﬁcations. 2560x1440, 60Hz or any other monitor
U2721DE
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency ranges 
addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 1920 x 1080 (U2421HE) / 2560 x 1440 (U2721DE).
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
The function of adjusting display setting using PC
application will be disabled.
Do you wish to disable DDC/CI function?
Yes No
U2421HE/U2721DE Operating the Monitor       |     51When the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message will appear:
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Entering Power Save Mode. 
U2421HE/U2721DE
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
U2421HE/U2721DE
No DP signal from your device.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse or wake it up. 
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select the correctinput source.
If either DP, USB Type-C input is selected and the corresponding cable is not connected, a 
floating dialog box as shown below appears.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP Cable
www.dell.com/support/ U2421HE
www.dell.com/support/ U2721DE
U2421HE/U2721DE
 or
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No USB Type-C Cable
www.dell.com/support/ U2421HE
www.dell.com/support/ U2721DE
U2421HE/U2721DE52    |       Operating the Monitor
A message is displayed while the cable supporting DP alternate mode is connected to the 
monitor under the following conditions:
•	 When Auto Select for USB-C is set to Prompt for Multiple Inputs.
•	 When the DP cable is connected to the monitor.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Switch to USB-C Video Input:
NoYes
U2421HE/U2721DE
When you select OSD items of High resolution in Display feature, the following message will 
appear:
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
U2721DEIf your PC is not DP 1.4, this option will result in reduced screen performance.
Please disconnect any USB storage device to your monitor duringthe switching process (up to 12 seconds).Do you want to continue?
Yes No
When you select OSD items of High Data Speed in Display feature, the following message 
will appear:
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
U2721DEPlease disconnect any USB storage device to your monitor during
the switching process (up to 12 seconds).Do you want to continue?
Yes No Operating the Monitor       |     53When USB-C Prioritization is set to High Data Speed, select OSD items of Factory Reset 
in Other feature, the following message will appear:
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
U2721DEPlease disconnect any USB storage device to your monitor during
the switching process (up to 12 seconds).Are you sure you want to reset to default settings?
Yes No
When you select OSD items of Factory Reset in Other feature, the following message will 
appear:
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Are you sure you want to reset to default settings?
Yes No
U2421HE/U2721DE 
                             
                                                                      
When you select ‘Yes‘ to reset to default settings, the following message will appear:
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
Easy Initial Setup:
Select ‘Yes’ to enable the following function(s):
/bullet.case Always on USB -C Charging
Yes No
U2421HE/U2721DEWhen ‘Yes’ is select, power consumption may increase.
When ‘No’ is selected, it will comply with ENERGY STAR requirements.
Individual settings can be changed in the Menu. 
 See Troubleshooting for more information.54    |       Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                                       
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
        Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor is 
functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP Cable
www.dell.com/support/ U2421HE
www.dell.com/support/ U2721DE
U2421HE/U2721DE
or
Dell UltraSharp 24/27 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No USB Type-C Cable
www.dell.com/support/ U2421HE
www.dell.com/support/ U2721DE
U2421HE/U2721DE
   4    This box also appears during normal system operation if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn o ff your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your video 
controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly. Troubleshooting       |     55Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen abnormality 
you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your computer and video card.
  NOTE: You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
34 5 1 2
To run the built-in diagnostics:   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor          then goes into the self-test mode.   3    Press and hold Button 1 for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.   5    Press Button 1 on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text          screens.The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1 again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.56    |       Troubleshooting
Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you might 
encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power LED offNo picture •	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
•	Verify that the power outlet is functioning properly using any other electrical equipment.
•	Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input Source menu.
No Video/Power LED onNo picture or no brightness•	Increase brightness and contrast controls via OSD.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input Source menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has spots
•	Cycle	po wer 	on-o ff.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently 	off	is	a	natural	defect	
   that can occur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information 	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
  and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:    www.dell.com/support/monitors.
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has bright spots
•	Cycle	po wer 	On-Off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently 	off	is	a	natural	defect		
   that can occur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information 	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
   and PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at:    www.dell.com/support/monitors.
Brightness ProblemsPicture too dim or too bright•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•	Adjust brightness and contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related IssuesVisible signs of smoke or sparks•	Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•	Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent ProblemsMonitor malfunctions on & off•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
•	Reset	the	monitor	to	factory	settings.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode. Troubleshooting       |     57Common 
SymptomsWhat You ExperiencePossible Solutions
Missing Color Picture missing color•	Perform monitor self-test.
•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not good•	Change the settings of the Preset Modes in the Color menu OSD depending on the application.
•	Adjust R/G/B value under Custom Color in Color menu OSD.
•	Change the Input Color Format to PC RGB or YPbPr in the Color menu OSD.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention from a static image left on the monitor for a long period of timeFaint shadow from the static image displayed appears on the screen•	Use the Power Management feature to turn off the monitor at all times when not in use (for more information, see Power Management Modes ).
•	Alternatively, use a dynamically changing screensaver.
Product Specific Problems
Problem What you experiencePossible solutions
Screen image is too smallImage is centered on screen, but does not fill entire viewing area•	Check the Aspect Ratio setting in the Display menu OSD.
•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust the monitor with the buttons on the front panelOSD does not appear on the screen•	Turn off the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable, plug it back, and then turn on the monitor.
No Input Signal when user controls are pressedNo picture, the LED light is white•	Check the signal source. Ensure the computer is not in the power saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•	Check whether the signal cable is plugged in properly. Connect the signal cable again, if necessary.
•	Reset the computer or video player.58    |       Troubleshooting
Problem What you 
experiencePossible solutions
The picture does not fill the entire screenThe picture cannot fill the height or width of the screen•	Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
No image when using USB Type-C connection to computer, laptop, and so onBlack screen •	Verify if the USB Type-C interface of the device can support DP alternate mode. 
•	Verify if the device required more than 65 W power charging. 
•	USB Type-C interface of device cannot support DP alternate mode.  
•	Set Windows to Projection mode.
•	Ensure that the USB Type-C cable is not damaged.
No charging when using USB Type-C connection to computer, laptop, and so onNo charging •	Verify if the device can support one of 5 V/9 V/15 V/20 V charging profiles. 
•	Verify if the Notebook requires a >65 W power adaptor.
•	If the Notebook requires a >65 W power adaptor, it may not charge with the USB Type-C connection. 
•	Ensure that you use only Dell approved adapter or the adapter that comes with the product.
•	Ensure that the USB Type-C cable is not damaged.
Intermittent charging when using USB Type-C connection to computer,
laptop, and so onIntermittent 
charging•	Check if the maximum power consumption of device is over 65 W.
•	Ensure that you use only Dell approved adapter or the adapter that comes with the product.
•	Ensure that the USB Type-C cable is not damaged.
No image when using DP connection to the PCBlack screen •	Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.4) is your Graphics Card certified to. Download and install the latest graphics card driver.
•	Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
  DP 1.4 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input   Source selection, press and hold DP select 
 
  key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting from   DP 1.4 to DP 1.1a. 
No image when using USB Type-C MSTBlack screen or
2nd DUT is not 
Prime mode•	USB Type-C input, Go to OSD menu, under Display Info check the Link Rate is HBR2 or HBR3, if Link Rate is HBR2, suggest to use USB Type-C to DP cable to turn on MST.
No network connectionNetwork dropped or Intermittent•	check to ensure data priority is selected in OSD. Do not toggle Off/On the power button when network is connected, keeps the power button On. Appendix       |     59Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as the 
bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical          hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance website 
located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
  NOTE: If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
        information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. Availability 
varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:   1    Go to www.dell.com/support.
   2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu
         at the bottom-right corner of the page.   3    Click Contact Us next to the country dropdown.
   4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
   5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.60    |       Appendix
Setting Up Your Monitor
Setting Display Resolution to 1920 x 1080 (U2421HE)/
2560 x 1440 (U2721DE) (maximum)
For best performance, set the display resolution to 1920 x 1080 (U2421HE)/2560 x 
1440 (U2721DE) pixels by performing the following steps:
In Windows Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8 or Windows 8.1:
1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic desktop. 
For Windows Vista and Windows 7, skip this step .
   2  Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution.   3  Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 1920 x 1080 
(U2421HE)/2560 x 1440 (U2721DE).
   4  Click OK.In Windows 10:
1  Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings.2  Click Advanced display settings.
3  Click the dropdown list of Resolution and select 1920 x 1080 (U2421HE)/2560 x 1440 
(U2721DE).
4  Click Apply.
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update your 
graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the computer system you are using, and follow the given steps.
Dell computer
1  Go to www.dell.com/support, enter your service tag, and download the latest driver for 
your graphics card.
2  After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to 
1920 x 1080 (U2421HE)/2560 x 1440 (U2721DE) again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the resolution to 1920 x 1080 (U2421HE)/2560 x 1440 
(U2721DE), please contact Dell to inquire about a graphics adapter that supports these resolutions. Appendix       |     61Non-Dell computer
In Windows Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8 or Windows 8.1:
1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic desktop. 
For Windows Vista and Windows 7, skip this step .
2   Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization.
3   Click Change Display Settings.4   Click Advanced Settings.5   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the window 
(e.g. NVIDIA, AMD, Intel etc.).
6   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        www.amd.com  or www.nvidia.com ).
7   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to 
1920 x 1080 (U2421HE)/2560 x 1440 (U2721DE) again.
In Windows 10:
1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings.
2   Click Advanced display settings.3   Click Display adapter properties.4   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, AMD, Intel etc.).5   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        www.amd.com  or www.nvidia.com ).
6   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to 
1920 x 1080 (U2421HE)/2560 x 1440 (U2721DE) again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the 
       manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics adapter that supports 
the video resolution.62    |       Appendix
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from
           the electrical outlet.
 
    CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, or handling your monitor:
•	To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed air.
•	Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
•	If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
•	Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
•	To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.Model: U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
Regulatory model: U2723QEt/U3223QEtDell UltraSharp 27/32 4K 
USB-C Hub Monitor – 
U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
User’s GuideNOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of 
data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2022 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved.  Dell, EMC, and other trademarks 
are trademarks of Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. USB Type-C® and USB-C® are registered trademarks of USB 
Implementers Forum. Other trademarks may be trademarks of their respective owners. 
2022 – 01
Rev. A00Contents
Safety Instructions .............................. 6
About Your Monitor  ............................. 7
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Product Features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Identifying Parts and Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Front View  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Back View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
Bottom View  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Monitor Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Resolution Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
Preset Display Modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
USB-C Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
Electrical Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
Physical Characteristics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
Environmental Characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Pin Assignments  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Plug and Play capability  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Maintenance guidelines  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Cleaning your monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Setting Up the Monitor  ......................... 32
Connecting the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension  . . . . . . . . . 35
         Contents       |    34   |      Contents        Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Rotating the Display . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
Configuring the Display Settings on Your Computer after Rotation 
37
Organizing Your Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Connecting Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Dell Power Button Sync (DPBS)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
Connecting the Monitor for DPBS for the First Time . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Using DPBS Function  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 46
Connecting the Monitor for USB-C Multi-Stream Transport (MST) function  
48
Connecting the Monitor for USB-C  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Securing Your Monitor Using Kensington Lock (Optional) . . . 51
Removing the Monitor Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Wall Mounting (Optional)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
Operating the Monitor  .......................... 54
Power On the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Using the Joystick Control  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Using the Menu Launcher  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Front -Panel Button . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
Using the Main Menu  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
Using the OSD Lock Function  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 73
Initial Setup . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 76
OSD Warning Messages  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 77
Setting the Maximum Resolution  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 80
Multi-Monitor Sync (MMS)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 81
Setting Multi-Monitor Sync (MMS) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82          Contents       |    5Troubleshooting  ............................... 83
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 83
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 85
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 87
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . 90
Appendix ..................................... 91
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information . . 91
Contacting Dell  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 91
EU Product Database for Energy Label and Product Information 
Sheet . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 916    |       Safety Instructions
Safety Instructions
 WARNING: Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those 
specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
• Place the monitor on a solid surface and handle it carefully. The screen is fragile 
and can be damaged if dropped or hit sharply. 
• Always be sure that your monitor is electrically rated to operate with the AC 
power available in your location. 
• Keep the monitor in room temperature. Excessive cold or hot conditions can have 
an adverse effect on the liquid crystal of the display. 
• Do not subject the monitor to severe vibration or high impact conditions. For 
example, do not place the monitor inside a car trunk. 
• Unplug the monitor when it is going to be left unused for an extended period of 
time. 
• To avoid electric shock, do not attempt to remove any cover or touch the inside 
of the monitor. 
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI) document that is shipped with your monitor. About Your Monitor        |    7About Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown in the table below. If any component is 
missing, contact Dell. For more information, see Contacting Dell .
 NOTE: Some components may be optional and may not ship with your 
monitor. Some features may not be available in certain countries. 
 NOTE: If you are connecting a stand that you purchased from any other 
source, follow the setup instructions that were included with the stand. 
Display
Stand riser
Stand base
Power cable (varies by country)
DisplayPort 1.8 M cable 
(DisplayPort to DisplayPort) 
USB-C 1.0 M cable (A to C)8    |       About Your Monitor
USB-C 1.0 M cable (C to C) 
HDMI 1.8 M cable 
(U2723QX only)
UltraSharp U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
2022-01
© 2022 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries.Dell P/N: TGWP5 Rev. A00 
746.07N01.0001
(U2723QX)
HDMI
www.dell. com/U2723QX /U2723QE
www.dell. com/U3223QE• Quick Setup Guide
• Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information
• Factory Calibration Report
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp U2 723QX/ U2723QE/ U3223QE  monitor has an active matrix, 
Thin-Film Transistor (TFT), Liquid Crystal Display (LCD), and LED backlight. The 
monitor features include:
• U2723QX/ U2723QE: 68.47 cm (27.0 in.) active area display (Measured diagonally) 
3840 x 2160 (16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• U3223QE: 80.01 cm (31.5 in.)  active area display (Measured diagonally) 3840 x 
2160 (16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Wide viewing angles with 100% sRGB, Rec.709 and 98% DCI-P3 color with an 
average Delta E <2.
• Tilt, swivel, pivot and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
• Removable pedestal stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 
100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap during multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
set up with an elegant viewing experience.
• Extensive digital connectivity with DP helps future-proof your monitor.
• Single USB-C to supply power to compatible notebook while receiving video signal.
• USB-C and RJ45 ports enable a single-cable, network-connected experience.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your computer. 
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization. About Your Monitor        |    9• Power and OSD buttons lock.
• Security lock slot.
• ≤ 0.3 W in Off Mode.
• Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) and Picture in Picture (PIP) Select mode.
• Allow user to switch USB KVM function in PBP mode.
• The Monitor is designed with Dell Power Button Sync (DPBS) feature to control PC 
system power state from monitor power button. * 
• The Monitor allows multiple monitors that are daisy chained via DisplayPort to 
synchronize a pre-defined group of OSD settings in the background by Multi-
Monitor Sync (MMS).
• Premium Panel Exchange for peace of mind.
• Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen and low blue light feature to 
minimizes hazard blue light emission.
• The Monitor use Low Blue Light panel and compliance with TUV Rheinland 
(Hardware Solution) at factory reset/default setting model (Preset mode: 
Standard).
• Decreases the level of hazard blue light emitted from the screen to make viewing 
more comfortable for your eyes.
• The Monitor adopts Flicker-Free technology, which clears the eye visible flicker, 
brings comfort viewing experience and preventing users suffer from eye strain and 
fatigue.
*  PC system that supports DPBS is the Dell OptiPlex 7090/3090 Ultra platform.
 WARNING: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the 
monitor may cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital 
eye strain, and so on. ComfortView Plus feature is designed to reduce the 
amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to optimize eye comfort. 10    |       About Your Monitor
Identifying Parts and Controls
Front View
1
Label Description Use
1 Power LED indicator Solid white light indicates the monitor is turned on and 
functioning normally. 
Blinking white light indicates the monitor is in Standby 
Mode. About Your Monitor        |    11Back View
71
2
3
54 6
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting  holes 
(100 mm x 100 mm-behind 
attached VESA cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible 
wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from the monitor.
4 Power On/Off button To turn the monitor on or off.
5 Joystick Use it to control the OSD menu.
For more information, see Operating the 
Monitor .
6 Mac address, Barcode, serial 
number, and Service Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact Dell 
for technical support. The Service Tag is a 
unique alphanumeric identifier that enables 
Dell service technicians to identify the 
hardware components in your computer and 
access warranty information. 
7 Cable-management slot Use to organize cables by inserting  them 
through the slot.12    |       About Your Monitor
Bottom View 
1 45678 3 2 910
131211 16
15 14
Label Description Use
1 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock (sold separately) .
2
Power connectorConnect the power cable.
3
HDMI portConnect your computer with the HDMI cable.
4
DisplayPort (in)Connect your computer with the DisplayPort cable.
5
USB-C port 
(Video + Data)Connect to your computer using the USB-C cable. 
The USB-C port offer the fastest transfer rate and  the 
alternate mode with DP 1.4 support the maximum  
resolution of  3840  x 2160  at 60Hz PD 20V /  4.5A, 15V / 
3A, 9V / 3A, 5V / 3A.
NOTE:  USB-C is not supported on Windows versions that 
are prior to Windows 10.
6
DisplayPort (out)
DP output for MST (Multi-Stream Transport) capable 
monitor. To enable MST, refer to instruction on section 
Connecting the Monitor for DP MST Function . 
NOTE:  Remove the rubber plug when using DP out 
connector. About Your Monitor        |    137
Audio line-out 
portConnect speakers to playback audio through HDMI or 
DisplayPort audio channels. Only two-channel audio is 
supported.
NOTE:  The audio line-out port does not support 
headphones.
8
USB-C 
upstream port 
Connect to your computer using the USB cable (A to C or 
C to C) . Once the USB cable is connected, you can use the 
USB downstream connectors on the monitor.
NOTE:  Remove the rubber plug when using USB-C 
upstream connector.
9,10,
11,12
14Super speed USB 
10 Gbps (USB 3.2 
Gen2)  (5)Connect your USB device. You can use these ports only 
after you have connected the USB cable (A to C or C to C)  
from the computer to the monitor.
Port with  battery icon supports Battery Charging Rev. 
1.2.
13
RJ45 connectorConnect Internet. You can surf Internet via RJ45 only after 
you have connected the USB cable (A to C or C to C) from 
the computer to the monitor.
15
USB-C 
downstream portPort with  icon supports 5V / 3A.
Connect your USB device. You can use this port only after 
you have connected the USB cable (A to C or C to C) from 
the computer to the monitor.
16 Stand lock Lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm screw 
(screw not included).14    |       About Your Monitor
Monitor Specifications
Model U2723QX/U2723QE U3223QE
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel Type In-plane switching Technology
Aspect ratio 16:9 
Viewable image dimensions
Diagonal 68.47 cm (27 in.) 80.01 cm (31.5 in.)
Active Area
Horizontal 596.74 mm ( 23.49  in.) 697.31 mm (27.45  in.)
Vertical 335.66  mm ( 13.22  in.) 392.23 mm (15.44  in.)
Area 200301.74 mm2 (310.47 in.2)273505.90 mm2 (423.83 in.2)
Pixel pitch 0.1554 mm x 0.1554 mm 0.18159  mm x 0.18159  mm
Pixel per inch (PPI) 163.18 137.68
Viewing angle
Horizontal 178° (typical)
Vertical 178° (typical)
Brightness 400 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 2000 to 1  (typical)
Display screen coating Anti-glare treatment of the front polarizer (3H) hard coating
Backlight LED
Response Time 
(Gray to Gray)5 ms (Fast mode)
8 ms (Normal mode)
Color depth 1.07 billion colors
Color gamut* 100% sRGB
100% Rec.709
98% DCI-P3
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average ) (sRGB, R ec.709, DCI-P3 ) About Your Monitor        |    15Connectivity • 1 x DP 1.4 with DSC support (HDCP 2.2)
• 1 x DP out 
• 1 x HDMI 2.0 (HDCP 2.2)
• 1 x USB-C (DP1.4 (HDCP 2.2) with DSC support, PD: 
90W, 2/4 Lanes switching) – upstream
• 1 x USB-C (USB 3.2 Gen2, 10 Gbps KVM) upstream
• 1 x Analog 2.0 audio line out (3.5 mm jack)
• 4 x USB-A (USB 3.2 Gen2, 10 Gbps)
• 1 x RJ45
Quick Access:
• 1 x USB-A (USB 3.2 Gen2 10 Gbps) with BC 1.2
• 1 x USB-C (USB 3.2 Gen2 10 Gbps, 15W) downstream
Border width (edge of monitor to active area)
Top
Left/Right
Bottom7.35 mm
7.35 mm
10.00 mm7.65 mm
7.65 mm
10.15 mm
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand 150.00 mm
Tilt -5° to 21°
Swivel -45° to 45° -30° to 30°
Pivot -90° to 90°
Cable management Yes
Dell Display Manager 
(DDM)CompatibilityEasy Arrange
and other key features
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)
* At panel native only, under Custom Mode preset.16    |       About Your Monitor
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 15kHz to 140kHz
Vertical scan range 23Hz to 86Hz
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 2160 at 60Hz 
Video display capabilities (HDMI) 480p, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p
Video display capabilities 
(DP & USB-C alternate mode)480p, 576p, 720p, 1080p
Preset Display Modes
Display mode Horizontal 
frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
frequency 
(Hz)Pixel 
clock 
(MHz)Sync polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
VGA, 720 x 400 31.469 70.08 28.322 -/+
VGA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.94 25.175 -/-
VGA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.00 31.5 -/-
SVGA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40 +/+
SVGA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.00 49.5 +/+
XGA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65 -/-
XGA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.75 +/+
SXGA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.00 108 +/+
SXGA, 1280 x 800 49.306 59.91 71.0 -/+
SXGA, 1280 x 1024 64.000 60.02 108 +/+
SXGA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135 +/+
WUXGA, 1600 x 1200 75.000 60.00 162 -/+
FHD, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.00 148.5 -/+
WQXGA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.5 +/-
UHD, 3840 x 2160 65.68 30.00 262.75 +/-
UHD 3840 x 2160 (DP) 133.313 60.00 533.25 +/-
UHD 3840 x 2160 (HDMI) 135.0 60.00 594.0 +/+ About Your Monitor        |    17DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
MST Source 
MonitorMaximum number of external monitors that can be supported
3840 x 2160 / 60Hz
3840 x 2160/60Hz 2
NOTE : Maximum external monitor resolution with the maximum number of 
external monitors supported is 3840 x 2160 / 60Hz only when DSC is 
enabled on graphic cards or with graphic cards that support DSC.
USB-C Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes 
OSD Display Info: 
Link rate (current)Maximum number of external monitors that can be supported
3840 x 2160 / 60Hz
HBR3 2
HBR2 1
NOTE: Maximum external monitor resolution with the maximum number of 
external monitors supported is 3840 x 2160 / 60Hz only when DSC is 
enabled on graphic cards or with graphic cards that support DSC.
Electrical Specifications
Model U2723QX U2723QE U3223QE
Video input 
signals• Digital video signal for each differential line  
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance
• DP/HDMI/USB-C signal input support
Input voltage/ 
frequency/
current100-240 VAC / 50 or 60Hz ± 3Hz / 2.7A (maximum)
Inrush 
current 120V: 72A (Max.)
240V: 80A (Max.)
Inrush current is measured at an ambient temperature of 0°C 
(cold start.).
Power 
Consumption220 W (Max)2
28.54 W (Pon)3
91.83 kWh 
(TEC)30.2 W (Off Mode)1
0.3 W (Standby Mode)1
25.9 W (On Mode)1
220 W (Max)2
28.54 W (Pon)3
91.83 kWh (TEC)30.2 W (Off Mode)1
0.3 W (Standby Mode)1
29.4 W (On Mode)1
220 W (Max)2
29.73 W (Pon)3
94.06 kWh (TEC)318    |       About Your Monitor
1 As defined in EU 2019/2021 and EU 2019/2013 (U2723QE/U3223QE only).
2 Max brightness and contrast setting with maximum power loading on all USB ports.
3 Pon: Power consumption of On Mode as defined in Energy Star 8.0 version.
TEC: Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy star 8.0 version.
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. 
Your product may perform differently, depending on the software, components and 
peripherals you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. 
Accordingly, the customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions 
about electrical tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness 
is expressed or implied.
 NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR certified. 
This product qualifies for ENERGY STAR in the factory default settings which can be 
restored by “Factory Reset” function in the OSD menu. Changing the factory default 
settings or enabling other features may increase power consumption that could exceed 
the ENERGY STAR specified limit. About Your Monitor        |    19Physical Characteristics
Model U2723QX/U2723QE U3223QE
Connector type • DP connector (include DP in and DP out) 
• HDMI connector
• Audio line-out (3.5mm diameter)
• USB-C (DP1.4 with DSC support, PD: 90W, 2/4 lanes 
switching) upstream connector
• USB-C (USB 3.2 Gen2, 10 Gbps KVM) upstream connector
• USB-A (USB 3.2 Gen2, 10 Gbps) downstream connector x 4
• RJ45 connector
• USB-A (USB 3.2 Gen2 10 Gbps) with BC 1.2 downstream 
connector
• USB-C (USB 3.2 Gen2 10 Gbps, 15W) downstream connector
Signal cable type • DP to DP 1.8 M cable 
• HDMI 1.8 M cable (U2723QX only)
• USB 3.2 Gen2 (C to C) 1.0 M cable 
• USB 3.2 Gen2 (A to C) 1.0 M cable 
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 535.18 mm (21.07 in.) 618.77 mm (24.36 in.)
Height (compressed) 385.18 mm (15.16 in.) 469.34 mm (18.48 in.)
Width 611.44 mm (24.07 in.) 712.61 mm (28.06 in.)
Depth 185.00 mm (7.28 in.) 233.17 mm (9.18 in.)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 353.01 mm (13.89 in.) 410.04 mm (16.14 in.)
Width 611.44 mm (24.07 in.) 712.61 mm (28.06 in.)
Depth 54.33 mm (2.14 in.) 55.78 mm (2.20 in.)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 428.30 mm (16.86 in.) 483.30 mm (19.03 in.)
Height (compressed) 381.50 mm (15.02 in.) 436.50 mm (17.19 in.)
Width 268.00 mm (10.55 in.) 300.00 mm (11.81 in.)
Depth 185.00 mm (7.28 in.) 233.17 mm (9.18 in.)
Base 268.00 mm x 185.00 mm 
(10.55 in. x 7.28 in.)300.00 mm x 230.00 mm 
(11.81 in. x 9.06 in.)20    |       About Your Monitor
Weight
Weight with 
packaging9.53 kg (21.01 lb) 14.49 kg (31.94 lb)
Weight with stand 
assembly and cables6.64 kg (14.64 lb) 10.36 kg (22.84 lb)
Weight without 
stand assembly 
(For wall mount 
or VESA mount 
considerations - no 
cables)4.48 kg (9.88 lb) 5.65 kg (12.46 lb)
Weight of stand 
assembly1.79 kg (3.95 lb) 4.34 kg (9.57 lb) About Your Monitor        |    21Environmental Characteristics
Compliant Standards
• ENERGY STAR certified Monitor .
• EPEAT registered where applicable. EPEAT registration varies by country. 
See https:/ / www.epeat.net  for registration status by country.
• TCO Certified & TCO Certified Edge . 
• RoHS Compliant . 
• BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding external cables) .
• Meets NFPA 99 leakage current requirements.
• Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only.
Temperature
Operating 0°C to 40°C (32°F to 104°F)
Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation
U2723QX/U2723QE 750.67 BTU/hour (maximum)
98.27 BTU/hour (on mode)
U3223QE 750.67 BTU/hour (maximum)
109.19 BTU/hour (on mode)22    |       About Your Monitor
Pin Assignments
DP Port (in)
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(n)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH (p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWR About Your Monitor        |    23DP Port (out)
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH(p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH(n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWR24    |       About Your Monitor
HDMI Port
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT About Your Monitor        |    25USB-C Port
Pin Signal Pin Signal
A1 GND B12 GND
A2 SSTXp1 B11 SSRXp1
A3 SSTXn1 B10 SSRXn1
A4 VBUS B9 VBUS
A5 CC1 B8 SBU2
A6 Dp1 B7 Dn1
A7 Dn1 B6 Dp1 
A8 SBU1 B5 CC2
A9 VBUS B4 VBUS
A10 SSRXn2 B3 SSTXn2
A11 SSRXp2 B2 SSTXp2
A12 GND B1 GND26    |       About Your Monitor
Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
 NOTE: Up to 2A on USB downstream port (port with  battery icon) 
with BC 1.2 compliance devices; up to 0.9A on the other USB downstream 
ports; Up to 3A on USB-C downstream port (port with   icon) with 5V / 
3A compliance devices.
Your monitor has the following USB ports:
• 2 upstream - at rear.
• 6 downstream - 4 at rear, 2 at quick access.  
Power Charging Port - the ports with  battery icon supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.  The USB-C downstream 
port with  icon supports fast current charging capability if the device is 5V  / 
3A compatible.
 NOTE: The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in 
Standby Mode. On in Standby Mode, if the USB cable (A to C or C to C) is 
plugged in, the USB ports can work normally.  Otherwise, follow the OSD 
setting of Other USB Charging, if the setting is “On in Standby Mode” 
then USB work normally, otherwise USB is disabled. If you turn off the 
monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals may take a few 
seconds to resume normal functionality.
Super speed USB 10 Gbps (USB 3.2 Gen2) Device
Transfer speed Data rate Maximum power consumption (each port)
Super speed+ 10 Gbps 4.5 W
Super speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W
Hi-Speed * 480 Mbps 4.5 W
Full speed * 12 Mbps 4.5 W
* Device speed when High Resolution is selected. About Your Monitor        |    27USB-C Upstream 
• Video DisplayPort 1.4 with DSC support (HDCP 2.2)
• Data Super Speed+ 10Gbps (USB3.2 Gen2)
• Power Delivery (PD) Up to 90W
USB 3.2 Gen2 (10 Gbps)
downstream port (Bottom)
USB 3.2 Gen2 (10 Gbps)
downstream port (Rear)
Pin number Signal name Pin number Signal name
1 VBUS 1 VBUS
2 D- 2 D-
3 D+ 3 D+
4 GND 4 GND
5 StdA_SSRX- 5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdA_SSRX+ 6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN 7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdA_SSTX- 8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdA_SSTX+ 9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield Shell Shield28    |       About Your Monitor
RJ45 Port (Connector Side) 
Pin No. 10BASE-T
100BASE-T1000BASE-T
1 Transmit+ BI_DA+
2 Transmit- BI_DA-
3 Receive+ BI_DB+
4 Unused BI_DC+
5 Unused BI_DC-
6 Receive- BI_DB-
7 Unused BI_DD+
8 Unused BI_DD-
Driver installation
Install th e Realtek USB GBE Ethernet Controller Driver available for your system. This 
is available for download at https:/ / www.dell.com/support  under the “Driver and 
download” section.
Network (RJ45) data rate via USB-C max speed is 1000 Mbps.  
 NOTE: This LAN port is 1000Base-T IEEE 802.3az compliant, supporting 
Mac Address (Printed on model label) Pass-thru (MAPT), Wake-on-LAN 
(WOL) from standby mode (S3 only) and UEFI PXE Boot function [UEFI 
PXE Boot is not supported on Dell Desktop PC’s (except for OptiPlex 
7090/3090 Ultra Desktop)], these 3 features depend on BIOS settings and 
version of the OS. Functionality may vary with Non Dell PC’s. About Your Monitor       |    29RJ45 Connector LED Status:
Left LEDRight LED
LED Color Description
Right LED Amber or Green Speed indicator:
• Amber On - 1000 Mbps
• Green On - 100 Mbps
• Off - 10 Mbps
Left LED Green Link / Activity indicator:
• Blinking - Activity on the port.• Green On - Link is being established.• Off - Link is not established.
 NOTE: RJ45 cable is non in-box standard accessory.30    |       About Your Monitor
Plug and Play capability
You can connect the monitor to any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification 
data (EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so that the computer can 
configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are 
automatic; you can select different settings if desired. For more information about 
changing the monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usability. For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see  https:/ / www.dell.com/pixelguidelines About Your Monitor        |    31Maintenance guidelines
Cleaning your monitor
 WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable 
from the electrical outlet.
 
 CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the 
monitor.
Improper cleaning methods can result in physical damage to Dell monitors. Physical 
defects may affect the screen and body of the monitor.
Follow the instructions in the list below when cleaning the monitor:
• To clean the Dell monitor screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. 
If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the Dell 
monitor screen.
 CAUTION: Do not use detergents of any kind or other chemicals such as 
benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, alcohol, or compressed air.
 WARNING: Do not directly spray the cleaning solution or even water 
directly on the surface of the monitor. Doing so will allow liquids to 
accumulate at the bottom of the display panel and corrode the electronics 
resulting in permanent damage. Instead, apply the cleaning solution or 
water to a soft cloth and then clean the monitor.
 CAUTION: Using chemicals for cleaning may cause changes in the 
appearance of the monitor, such as color fading, milky film on the monitor, 
deformation, uneven dark shade, and screen surface peeling.
 NOTE:  Monitor damages due to improper cleaning methods and the use 
of benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, alcohol, compressed air, 
detergent of any kind will lead to a Customer Induced Damage (CID). CID is 
not covered under the standard Dell warranty.
• If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth. 
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor. 
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.32    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Setting Up the Monitor
Connecting the Stand
 NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is 
shipped from the factory.
 NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for the stand that 
was shipped with your monitor. If you are connecting a stand that you 
purchased from any other source, follow the set up instructions that were 
included with the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1. Open the front flap of the box to get the stand riser and stand base.
2. Align and place the stand riser on the stand base.
3. Open the screw handle at the bottom of the stand base and turn it clockwise to 
secure the stand assembly. Setting Up the Monitor        |    334. Close the screw handle.
1 2
3
5. Open the protective cover on the monitor to access the VESA slot on the 
monitor.
6. Slide the tabs on the stand riser into the slots on the display back cover and press 
down the stand assembly to snap it into place.
34    |       Setting Up the Monitor
7. Hold the stand riser and lift the monitor carefully, then place it on a flat surface.
 NOTE: Hold the stand riser firmly when lifting the monitor to avoid any 
accidental damage.
8. Lift the protective cover from the monitor.
 Setting Up the Monitor        |    35Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
 NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for the stand that 
was shipped with your monitor. If you are connecting a stand that you 
purchased from any other source, follow the set up instructions that were 
included with the stand.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
U2723QX/U2723QE
5°
45° 45°150 mm
21°
U3223QE
5°
30° 30°150 mm
21°
 NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.36    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Rotating the Display
Before you rotate the display, extend the display vertically until the top of the stand 
riser and then tilt the display backwards until the maximum to avoid hitting the bottom 
edge of the display.
21
90° 90°
 NOTE: To toggle the display setting on your Dell computer between 
landscape and portrait when rotating the display, download and install the 
latest graphics driver. To download, go to https:/ /www.dell.com/support/
drivers  and search for the appropriate driver.
 NOTE: When the display is in portrait mode, you may experience 
performance degradation when using graphic-intensive applications such 
as 3D gaming. Setting Up the Monitor        |    37Configuring the Display Settings on Your Computer 
after Rotation
After you have rotated the display, complete the procedure given below to configure 
the display settings on your computer.
 NOTE: If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, go to the 
graphics card manufacturer’s website or your computer manufacturer 
website for information on how to rotate the contents of your display.
 To configure the Display Settings:
1. Right-click on the Desktop  and click Properties .
2. Select the Settings  tab and click Advanced .
3. If you have an AMD graphics card, select the Rotation  tab and set the 
preferred rotation.
4. If you have an NVIDIA  graphics card, click the NVIDIA  tab, in the left-hand 
column select NVRotate , and then select the preferred rotation.
5. If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic 
Properties , select the Rotation  tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 NOTE: If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, 
go to https:/ / www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for 
your graphics card. 38    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Organizing Your Cables 
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connecting 
Your Monitor  for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.
If your cable is not able to reach your PC, you may connect directly to the PC without 
routing through the slot on the monitor stand. Setting Up the Monitor        |    39Connecting Your Monitor
 WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow 
the Safety Instructions . 
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1. Turn off your computer.
2. Connect the DisplayPort or USB cable, and the USB-C cable from your monitor 
to the computer.
3. Turn on your monitor. 
4. Select the correct input source from the OSD Menu on your monitor and then 
turn on your computer.  
 NOTE: U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE default setting is DisplayPort  1.4. 
A DisplayPort  1.1 Graphic card may not display normally. Please refer to 
product specific problems – No image when using DP connection to the 
PC to change default setting.
Connecting the HDMI Cable 
(U2723QX (Inbox) / U2723QE/U3223QE (Optional))
40    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Connecting the DP Cable
Connecting the Monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Function
 NOTE: Supports the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your PC 
Graphics Card must be certified to at least DP1.2 with MST option. To get 
4K 60Hz need DSC enabled Graphics cards.
 NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when using DP out connector. Setting Up the Monitor        |    41Connecting the USB-C Cable (A to C)
 NOTE: This connection only data is available and no video. Need another 
video connection for display.
Connecting the USB-C Cable (C to C) 
The USB-C port on your monitor:
• Can be used as USB-C or DisplayPort 1.4 , alternatively. 
• Supports USB Power Delivery (PD), with profiles up to 90 W.
 NOTE: Regardless of the power requirement/actual power consumption 
of your laptop, or the remaining power runtime in your battery, the Dell 
U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE monitor is designed to supply power 
delivery of up to 90 W to your laptop.42    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Rated power (on laptops that have 
USB-C with Power Delivery)Maximum charging power
45 W 45 W
65 W 65 W
90 W 90 W
130 W Not supported
Connecting the Monitor for USB-C Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Function
 NOTE: The maximum number of supported U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE 
via MST is subjected to the bandwith of the USB-C source. Please refer to 
product specific problems –No image when using USB-C MST .
 NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when using DP out connector.
Connecting the Monitor for RJ45 Cable (Optional)
 Setting Up the Monitor        |    43Dell Power Button Sync (DPBS) 
• The monitor is designed with Dell Power Button Sync (DPBS) feature to allow you 
to control PC system power state from the monitor power button. This feature 
is compatible with Dell Opti Plex 7090/3090 Ultra platform, and is only supported 
over USB-C interface.
USB-COptiPlex 7090/3090 Ultra
USB-C
• To make sure the DPBS function works for the first time, you should do the 
following steps for Dell OptiPlex 7090/3090 Ultra platform in the Control Panel  
first.
 NOTE: DPBS only supports the port with  icon.
Go to Control Panel .
Select Hardware and Sound , followed by Power Options .
44    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Go to System Settings .
In the drop-down menu of When I press the power button , there are a few options 
for selection namely Do nothing/Sleep/Hibernate/Shut down , and you can select 
Sleep/Hibernate/Shut down .
 NOTE : Do not select Do nothing , otherwise monitor power button cannot sync 
with PC system power state. Setting Up the Monitor        |    45Connecting the Monitor for DPBS for the First Time
Initial monitor power state(OFF)
Initial system power state(OFF)
USB-C 
USB-C
For the first time setting up the DPBS function, please follow below steps: 
1. Make sure both the PC and monitor is OFF. 
2. Connect the USB-C cable from the PC to the monitor. 
3. Press the monitor power button to turn ON the monitor. 
4. Both the monitor and PC will turn ON momentarily. Wait for a while (approximately 
6 seconds) and both the PC and monitor will turn OFF.
5. Press either the monitor power button or PC power button, both  the PC and 
monitor will turn ON. The PC system power state is in sync with the monitor power 
button.
 NOTE: When the monitor and PC are both at power OFF state at first time, 
it is recommended that you turn ON the monitor first, then connect the 
USB-C cable from the PC to the monitor.
 NOTE: You can power the OptiPlex 7090/3090 Ultra platform using its DC 
adaptor jack. Alternatively, you can power the OptiPlex 7090/3090 Ultra 
platform using the monitor’s USB-C cable via Power Delivery (PD); please 
set USB-C Charging to On in Off Mode.46    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Using DPBS Function
When you press the monitor power button or PC power button , the Monitor / PC 
state is as follows: 
Initial monitor power state(OFF)Initial monitor power state(ON)
 New Power state of monitor(ON)
 New Power state of system(ON) New Power state of monitor(OFF)
 New Power state of system(OFF)1 2
1 2
USB-C 
USB-C USB-C 
USB-C Initial system power state(OFF)Initial system power state(ON)
Press PC/Monitor 
power button
Press PC/Monitor 
power buttonUSB-C
USB-C
When the monitor and PC power state are both ON, while you press and hold 4 
seconds on monitor power button , the screen prompt will ask if you would like to 
shut down the PC.
Press and hold 4s
USB-C Setting Up the Monitor        |    47
Slide to shut down your PC
When the monitor and PC power state are both ON, while you press and hold 10 
seconds on monitor power button , the PC will shut down.
Press and hold 10s
USB-C48    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Connecting the Monitor for USB-C Multi-Stream Transport 
(MST) function 
A PC is connected to two monitors in an initially OFF power state, and the PC system 
power state is in sync with Monitor 1 power button. When you press the Monitor 1 or 
PC power button, both the Monitor 1 and PC turns ON. Meanwhile the Monitor 2 will 
remain OFF. You need to manually press the power button on Monitor 2 to turn it ON.
USB-CDP in USB-C
System power state(ON)
Monitor 1 Monitor 2DP out
Similarly, a PC is connected to two monitors in an initially ON power state, and the 
PC system power state is in sync with Monitor 1 power button. When you press the 
Monitor 1 or PC power button, both the Monitor 1 and PC turns OFF. Meanwhile the 
Monitor 2 will be in Standby mode. You need to manually press the power button on 
Monitor 2 to turn it OFF.
USB-C
System power state(OFF)
Monitor 1 Monitor 2Going into Standby mode...DP in USB-C DP out Setting Up the Monitor        |    49Connecting the Monitor for USB-C
The Dell OptiPlex 7090 Ultra platform has two USB-C ports, so both Monitor 1 and 
Monitor 2 power state can sync with the PC.
While the PC and two monitors are in an initially ON power state, by pressing the 
power button on Monitor 1 or Monitor 2 will turn OFF the PC, Monitor 1, and Monitor 2.
 NOTE: DPBS only supports the port with  icon.
Monitor 1System power state(ON)
USB-C
port1
Monitor 2USB-C
port2USB-C
USB-C
System power state(OFF)Pressing power button on Monitor 1 or 2
Monitor 1
Monitor 2USB-C
port1
USB-C
port2USB-C
USB-C
50    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Make sure to set USB-C Charging  to On in Off Mode. While the PC and two 
monitors are in an initially OFF power state, by pressing the power button on Monitor 1 
or Monitor 2 will turn ON the PC, Monitor1, and Monitor 2.
Monitor 1
Monitor 2USB-C
port1
USB-C
port2System power state(OFF)
USB-C
USB-C
Pressing power button on Monitor 1 or 2
Monitor 1
Monitor 2USB-C
port1
USB-C
port2System power state(ON)
USB-C
USB-C Setting Up the Monitor        |    51Securing Your Monitor Using Kensington Lock 
(Optional)
The security lock slot is located at the bottom of the monitor. (See Security lock 
slot)
For more information on using the Kensington lock (purchased separately), see the 
documentation that is shipped with the lock.
Secure your monitor to a table using the Kensington security lock.
 NOTE: The image is for the purpose of illustration only. Appearance of the 
lock may vary. 52    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen when removing the 
stand,  ensure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
 NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for the stand that 
was shipped with your monitor. If you are connecting a stand that you 
purchased from any other source, follow the set up instructions that were 
included with the stand.
To Remove the Stand:
1. Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2. Press and hold the stand-release button. 
3. Lift the stand up and away from the monitor. 
 
23 Setting Up the Monitor        |    53Wall Mounting (Optional)
 NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-
mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1. Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable flat table.
2. Remove the stand.
3. Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the 
plastic cover.
4. Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5. Mount the monitor on the wall as instructed in the documentation that shipped 
with the wall-mounting kit.
 NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with 
minimum weight/load bearing capacity of 1 7.92 kg (39. 51 lb) (U2723QX/
U2723QE) / 22. 60 kg ( 49.82  lb) (U3223QE).54    |       Operating the Monitor
Operating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the  
 button to turn on the monitor.
Using the Joystick Control
To modify the OSD adjustments using the Joystick control on the rear end of the 
monitor, do the following:
1. Press the Joystick to open the OSD Menu Launcher.
2. Move the  Joystick up/down/left/right to toggle between the OSD menu options. Operating the Monitor        |    55Joystick Functions
Function Description
Press Joystick to open the OSD Menu Launcher.
For right and left navigation.
For up and down navigation.
Using the Menu Launcher
Press the Joystick to open the OSD Menu Launcher.
Preset Modes
Menu Launcher
• Toggle the Joystick Up to open the Main Menu .
• Toggle the Joystick Left or Right  to select the desired Shortcut Keys .
• Toggle the Joystick Down  to Exit.56    |       Operating the Monitor
Menu Launcher Details
The following table describes the Menu Launcher  icons :
Menu Launcher Icon Description
Main MenuOpens the On-Screen Display (OSD).
See Using the Main Menu .
USB Switch
(Shortcut key 1)Select to switch between the USB upstream sources in 
PBP mode. 
Input Source
(Shortcut key 2)Sets the Input Source .
Preset Modes
(Shortcut key 3)Allows to choose from a list of Preset color modes .
Brightness/Contrast 
(Shortcut key 4)To directly access the Brightness/Contrast  adjustment 
sliders.
PIP/PBP Mode
(Shortcut key 5)Use this button to choose from a list of PIP/PBP.
 
ExitExits from the OSD main menu. Operating the Monitor        |    57Front -Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
Front Panel Description
1    
         
   
      Up         DownUse the Up (increase) and Down  (decrease) buttons to 
adjust items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
Previous Use the Previous  button to go back to the previous menu. 
3
NextUse the Next button to confirm your selection. 
4
 
TickUse the Tick button to confirm your selection. 58    |       Operating the Monitor
Using the Main Menu
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastActivates Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Input Source
ColorBrightness/Contrast
Display
Exit75% 75%PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Brightness Adjusts the luminance of the backlight (Range: 0 - 100).
Move the Joystick Up to increase brightness.
Move the Joystick Down  to decrease brightness.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  only 
if further adjustment is necessary. 
Move the Joystick Up to increase contrast and Move the 
Joystick Down  to decrease contrast (Range: 0 - 100).
The Contrast  function adjusts the degree of difference 
between darkness and lightness on the monitor screen. Operating the Monitor        |    59Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Source Selects between different video inputs that are connected 
to your monitor.
ExitInput Source
DisplayDP
HDMI
Auto Select On
Auto Select for USB-C Prompt for Multiple Inputs
Reset Input SourceRename Inputs USB-C      90W  USB-C      90W  
ColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
USB-C  
 90W Select USB-C  
 90W input when you are using the 
USB-C  
 90W  connector. Press the Joystick button to 
confirm the selection.
DP Select DP input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort)  
connector. Press the Joystick button to confirm the 
selection.
HDMI Select the HDMI input when you are using the HDMI  
connector. Press the Joystick button to confirm the 
selection.
Auto Select Allows you to scan for available input sources. 
Press  
 to select this function.
Auto Select for 
USB-CPress 
  to select these functions:
• Prompt for Multiple Inputs:  always show Switch to 
USB-C Video Input message for user to choose whether 
to switch or not. 
• Yes: The monitor always switch to USB-C video without 
asking while USB-C connected.
• No: The monitor will NOT auto switch to USB-C video 
from another available input. 
Rename Inputs Allows you to Rename Inputs .
Reset Input 
SourceResets all settings under the Input Source  menu to the 
factory defaults. Press 
  to select this function.60    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Color Adjusts the color setting mode.
RGB
50
50Standard
ExitColorBrightness/Contrast Preset Modes
Input Color Format
Reset ColorHue
SaturationInput Source
Display
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes, you can choose Standard, 
Movie, Game, Color Temp. , Color Space  or Custom 
Color from the list.
Standard
Game
Custom ColorColor SpaceColor Temp.
ExitMovie
ColorBrightness/Contrast Preset Modes
Input Color Format
Reset ColorHue
SaturationInput Source
Display
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
• Standard: Default Color setting, This monitor uses a low 
blue light panel, and is certified by TUV to reduce blue 
light output and create a more relaxing and less stimulating 
image while reading content on the screen.
• Movie:  Ideal for movies.
• Game: Ideal for most gaming applications. Operating the Monitor        |    61Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
• Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/
yellow tint with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint 
with slider set at 10,000K.
• Color Space: Allows users to select the color space: 
sRGB, Rec. 709, DCI-P3 .
• Custom Color:  Allows you to manually adjust the color 
settings. Press the Joystick left and right buttons to adjust 
the Red, Green, and Blue values and create your own 
preset color mode.
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
• RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer or a media player that supports RGB output. 
• YCbCr:  Select this option if your media player supports 
only YCbCr output. 
YCbCrRGB
ExitColorBrightness/Contrast Preset Modes
Input Color Format
Reset ColorHue
SaturationInput Source
Display
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Hue Use Joystick Up or Down  to adjust the Hue from 0 to 100. 
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only for Movie  and 
Game  mode.
Saturation Use Joystick Up or Down  to adjust the Saturation  from 0 
to 100.
NOTE: Saturation adjustment is available only for Movie  
and Game  mode.
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults.
Press 
  to select this function.62    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Display Use the Display  menu to adjust image. 
50 Sharpness
Normal Response Time16:9 Aspect Ratio
ExitMST
Reset DisplayColor
Display
USB-C Prioritization High Data Speed
Oﬀ Multi-Monitor SyncUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
OﬀSmart HDRBrightness/Contrast
Input Source
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBOﬀ
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to 16:9, Auto Resize, 4:3, 1:1 .
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Move the Joystick up and down to adjust the sharpness 
from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast .
Smart HDRPress 
  to select these functions.
Smart HDR (High Dynamic Range) automatically enhances 
the display output by adjusting the settings optimally to 
resemble life-like visuals.
Desktop:  This is the default mode. This mode is more 
suitable for general usage of the monitor with a desktop 
computer.
Movie HDR:  Use this mode during playback of HDR video 
content to expand the contrast ratio, brightness, and color 
palette. It matches the video quality with real life visuals.
Game HDR:  Use this mode when playing games that 
support HDR to expand the contrast ratio, brightness, and 
color palette. It makes gaming experience more realistic as 
intended by game developers.
DisplayHDR:  Best used with content that complies with 
DisplayHDR standards. Operating the Monitor        |    63Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Off: Disables Smart HDR function.
NOTE:  The possible peak luminance during HDR mode is 
400-nits (typical). The actual value and duration during HDR 
playback might vary accordingly to the video content.
MST DP Multi Stream Transport, Set to ON enables MST (DP 
out), Set to OFF disables MST function. 
NOTE: When DP/USB-C upstream cable and DP 
downstream cable is connected, monitor will set MST = 
ON automatically, this action will only be done once after 
Factory Reset or Display Reset. Please refer to Connecting 
the Monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
Function .
USB-C 
PrioritizationAllows you to specify the priority to transfer the data with 
high resolution (High Resolution) or high speed (High Data 
Speed) when using the USB-C port/DisplayPort. 
Multi-Monitor 
SyncMulti-Monitor Sync allows multiple monitors that are daisy 
chained via DisplayPort to synchronize a pre-defined group 
of OSD settings in the background.
An OSD option, “ Multi-Monitor Sync ” will be created in 
Display Menu to allow user to enable/disable syncing.
ExitOﬀOnColor
DisplayBrightness/Contrast
Input Source
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBSharpness
Response TimeAspect Ratio
MST
Reset DisplayUSB-C Prioritization
Multi-Monitor SyncSmart HDRUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Reset Display Resets all settings under the Display  menu to the factory 
defaults. 
Press 
  to select this function.64    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
PIP/PBP This function brings up a window displaying image from 
another input source.
ExitPIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersPIP/PBP Mode Oﬀ
75USB Switch
Video Swap
Audio
Contrast (Sub)MainPIP/PBP (Sub)
MenuInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
USBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Select
Select
Main WindowSub-Window
USB-C DP
USB-C √ √
DP √ √
NOTE: The images under PBP will be displayed at the 
center of the screen, not full screen. Operating the Monitor        |    65Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
PIP/PBP Mode Adjusts the PIP or PBP (Picture by Picture) mode.
You can disable this feature by selecting Off.
Exit
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersPIP/PBP Mode Oﬀ
USB Switch
Video SwapPIP/PBP (Sub)
MenuInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
USBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Audio
Contrast (Sub)
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be 
connected to your monitor for the PBP sub-window. Press 
the 
  button to select the PBP sub-window source signal. 
ExitDP
HDMIUSB-C      90W  
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersPIP/PBP Mode
USB Switch
Video SwapPIP/PBP (Sub)
MenuInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
USBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Audio
Contrast (Sub)66    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
USB Switch Select to switch between the USB upstream sources in PBP 
mode. Move the Joystick to switch among USB upstream 
sources in PBP mode.
Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and sub-
window in PBP mode. Move the Joystick to swap main 
window and sub-window.
Audio Allows you to set the audio source from the main window or  
the sub-window. 
Contrast (Sub) Adjust the Contrast  level of the picture in PBP Mode.
Move the Joystick to increase or decrease  the contrast.
USB Allows you to set the USB upstream port for the DP input 
signals, thus the monitor’s USB downstream port (For 
example, keyboard and mouse) can be used by the current 
input signals when you connect a computer to either one of 
the upstream ports. When you use only one upstream port, 
the connected upstream port is active.
ExitUSB-C 2
USB-C 2
PIP/PBP
USBDP assign to
HDMI assign to
Personalize
OthersMenuInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
Show KVM Setup Guide SelectUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
NOTE:  To prevent data damage or loss, before changing 
USB upstream ports, make sure that no USB storage 
devices are in use by the computer connected to the 
monitor’s USB upstream port. 
Show KVM 
Setup GuideSelect this option and follow steps if you want to connect 
multiple computers to the monitor and use one setup of 
keyboard and mouse.  Operating the Monitor        |    67Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such 
as the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu 
remains on screen, and so on.
ExitInput Source
MenuEnglish
Rotation
20 TransparencyLanguage
20 s Timer
Disable Lock
Reset MenuSelect
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, 
Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 0/90/270 degrees.
You can press the Joystick to rotate each time.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by 
moving the Joystick up or down (Range: 0 - 100).
Timer OSD Hold Time: Sets the length of time the OSD remains 
active after you press a button.
Move the Joystick to adjust the slider in 1-second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.68    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Lock With the control buttons on the monitor locked, you can 
prevent people from accessing the controls. It also prevents 
accidental activation in multiple monitors side-by-side setup. 
Power Button
Menu + Power Buttons
DisableMenu Buttons
ExitInput Source
MenuRotation
TransparencyLanguage
Timer
Lock
Reset MenuDisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
• Menu Buttons: Through OSD to lock the Menu buttons.
• Power Button: Through OSD to lock the Power button.
• Menu + Power Buttons: Through OSD to lock the all of 
Menu and Power buttons.  
• Disable: Move the Joystick left and hold for 4 seconds.
Reset Menu Resets all settings under the Reset  Menu  to the factory 
defaults. 
Press 
  to select this function. Operating the Monitor        |    69Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Personalize
ExitPersonalize
OthersShortcut Key 1 USB Switch
Shortcut Key 2 Input Source
Shortcut Key 3 Preset Modes
Fast Wakeup
Reset PersonalizationPower Button LED On in On Mode
Other USB ChargingShortcut Key 4 Brightness/Contrast
Shortcut Key 5 PIP/PBP Mode
USB-C Charging      90W  
OﬀOﬀ in Standby Mode Oﬀ in Oﬀ Mode MenuInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Shortcut key 1
Select from Preset Modes , Brightness/Contrast , Input 
Source , Aspect Ratio , Rotation , PIP/PBP Mode, USB 
Switch, Video Swap, Display Info  set as shortcut key.Shortcut key 2
Shortcut key 3
Shortcut key 4
Shortcut key 5
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save 
energy.
USB-C Charging 
 90WAllows you to enable or disable USB-C Charging 
  90W  
charging function during monitor power off mode.
NOTE: When this function is enabled, you will be able to 
charge your notebook or mobile devices through the USB-C 
cable even when the monitor is powered Off.
Other USB 
Charging Allows you to enable or disable Other USB Charging 
function during monitor Standby Mode. 
NOTE: When this function is enabled, you will be able to 
charge your mobile phone through the USB-A cable even 
when the monitor is in standby mode.
Fast Wakeup
(U2723QX/
U2723QE only)Speed up recovery time from sleep mode.
Reset
PersonalizationResets all settings under the Personalize  menu to the 
factory preset values.
Press 
  to select this function.70    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Others Select this option to adjust the OSD settings such as the 
DDC/CI , LCD conditioning, and so on.
ExitOthersMenuDisplay Info
Self-Diagnostic
Reset Others
Factory ResetFirmware 33T101
Service Tag CN073K0DDC/CI On
LCD Conditioning Oﬀ
ENERGY STAR®Select
SelectInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
PersonalizeUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
Press 
  to select this function.
UltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Input Source:
Resolution:
USB:
Stream Info:
USB Upstream:DP
3840 x 2160, 60 Hz 30-bit
-
1.62Gbps
USB-C1
Model:
Firmware:
Service Tag:Dell U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
33T101
CN073K0 Operating the Monitor        |    71Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DDC/CI DDC/CI (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows 
your monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and 
etc.) to be adjustable via the software on your computer. 
You can disable this feature by selecting Off. Enable this 
feature for best user experience and optimum performance 
of your monitor.
OﬀOn
ExitOthersMenuDisplay Info
Firmware
Service TagDDC/CI
LCD ConditioningInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
PersonalizeUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Self-Diagnostic
Reset Others
Factory Reset72    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on 
the degree of image retention, the program may take some 
time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
ExitOﬀOn
OthersMenuDisplay Info
Firmware
Service TagDDC/CI
LCD ConditioningInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
PersonalizeUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Self-Diagnostic
Reset Others
Factory Reset
Firmware Displays the Firmware  version of your monitor.
Service Tag Displays the Service Tag . The Service Tag is a unique 
alphanumeric identifier that allows Dell to identify the 
product specifications and access warranty information. 
NOTE:  The Service Tag is also printed on a label located at 
the back of the cover.
Self-Diagnostic Use this option to run the built-in diagnostics, see Built-in 
Diagnostics .
Reset Others Resets all settings under the Others  menu to the factory 
defaults.
Press 
  to select this function.
Factory Reset Restores all preset values to the factory default settings. 
These are also the settings for ENERGY STAR® tests. Operating the Monitor        |    73Using the OSD Lock Function
You can lock the front-panel control buttons to prevent access to the OSD menu and/
or power button.
Use the Lock Menu to Lock the Button(s).
1. Select one of the following options.
Power Button
Menu + Power Buttons
DisableMenu Buttons
ExitInput Source
MenuRotation
TransparencyLanguage
Timer
Lock
Reset MenuDisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
The following message appears.
Are you sure you want to lock the Menu Buttons?
To unlock the Buttons, refer to the User’s Guide.
Yes
No
2. Select Yes to lock buttons. Once locked, pressing any control button will display 
the lock icon   .74    |       Operating the Monitor
Use the Joystick to Lock the Button(s).
Press the left directional navigation of Joystick for four seconds, a menu appears on 
the screen.
Select Option:
Select one of the following options:
Options Description
1
Menu Button Lock Select this option to lock OSD menu function.
2
Power Button LockUse this option to lock power button. This will 
prevent the user to turn off the monitor using the 
power button.
3
Menu and Power Button 
LockUse this option to lock OSD menu and power 
button to turn off the monitor. Operating the Monitor        |    75To Unlock the Button(s).
Press the left directional navigation of Joystick  for four seconds until a menu appears 
on the screen. The following table describes the options to unlock the front-panel 
control buttons.
Select Option:
Options Description
1
Menu Button Unlock Use this option to unlock OSD menu function.
2
Power Button UnlockUse this option to unlock power button to turn off 
the monitor.
3
Menu and Power Button 
UnlockUse this option to unlock OSD menu and power 
button to turn off the monitor.76    |       Operating the Monitor
Initial Setup
Select OSD items of Factory Reset  in Other feature, the following message will 
appear:
Are you sure you want to reset to default settings?
Yes
No
When you select ‘ Yes‘ to reset to default settings, the following message will appear:
UltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
Select ‘Yes’ to enable the following function(s):
.  Always on USB-C Charging
.  Other USB Charging
When ‘Yes’ is selected, power consumption will
increase. When ‘No’ is selected, it will comply 
with ENERGY STAR requirements.
Individual settings of the functions can be 
changed in the Menu.Yes
No Operating the Monitor        |    77OSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the 
following message:
The current input timing is not supported by the monitor display.
Please change your input timing to 3840x2160, 60Hz or any other 
monitor listed timing as per monitor speci/f_ications.
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving 
from the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical 
frequency ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 3840  x 2160 .
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
The function of adjusting display setting using PC application will be 
disabled.
Do you wish to disable DDC/CI function?
Yes
No
When the monitor enters the Standby  Mode, the following message will appear:
Going into Standby mode...
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will 
appear depending on the selected input:
No DP Signal form your device.
Press any key on the keyboard to wake up. 
If there is no display, press the monitor joystick
to select input source.78    |       Operating the Monitor
A message is displayed while the cable supporting DP alternate mode is connected to 
the monitor under the following conditions:
• When Auto Select for USB-C  is set to Prompt for Multiple Inputs .
• When the USB-C  cable is connected to the monitor.
Switch to USB-C Video Input:
Yes
No
If the monitor connect with two ports or more, when the  Auto  of Input Source is 
selected, it will turn to the next port with signal.
ExitDP HDMI USB-C      90W  Auto
Select OSD items of  On in Standby Mode in Personalize feature, the following 
message will appear:
Changing to this setting ( without      symbol) will increase
power consumption. Do you want to continue?
Yes
No
If adjust the Brightness level above the default level over 75%, the following message 
will appear :
Adjusting to this value will increase power consumpiton above the 
default level. Do you want to continue?
Yes
No
• When user selects “Yes”, the power message is displayed only once.
• When user select ‘No’, the power warning message will pop-up again.
• The power warning message will appear again only when the user does a Factory 
Reset from the OSD menu. Operating the Monitor        |    79If either  DP, HDMI or USB-C input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
No DP Cable
The display will go into Standby Mode in 4 minutes.
www.dell.com/U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
or
No HDMI Cable
The display will go into Standby Mode in 4 minutes.
www.dell.com/U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
or
No USB-C Cable
The display will go into Standby Mode in 4 minutes.
www.dell.com/U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
See Troubleshooting  for more information.80    |       Operating the Monitor
Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows 7 , Windows 8 or Windows 8.1:
1. For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic 
desktop. For Windows Vista and Windows 7, skip this step.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3. Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution  and select  3840  x 2160 .
4. Click OK.
In Windows 10:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
2. Click Advanced display settings .
3. Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3840  x 2160 .
4. Click Apply .
If you do not see 3840  x 2160  as an option, you may need to update your graphics 
driver. Depending on your computer, complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
• Go to https:/ /www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card. 
If you are using a non-Dell computer (laptop or desktop):
• Go to your computer manufacturer’s support website and download the latest 
graphic drivers.
• Go to your graphics card manufacturer’s website and download the latest graphic 
drivers. Operating the Monitor        |    81Multi-Monitor Sync (MMS)
Multi-Monitor Sync allows multiple monitors that are daisy chained via DisplayPort to 
synchronize a pre-defined group of OSD settings in the background .
An OSD option, “Multi-Monitor Sync” is available in Display Menu to allow user to 
enable/disable syncing.
 NOTE: MMS is not supported over HDMI interface .
ExitOﬀOnColor
DisplayBrightness/Contrast
Input Source
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBSharpness
Response TimeAspect Ratio
MST
Reset DisplayUSB-C Prioritization
Multi-Monitor SyncSmart HDRUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
If Monitor 2 supports Multi-Monitor Sync, its MMS option will automatically be set to 
On for syncing as well. 
If syncing of OSD settings across monitors is not preferred, this feature can be disabled 
by setting MMS option of any of the monitor to Off.
ExitOﬀOnColor
DisplayBrightness/Contrast
Input Source
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBSharpness
Response TimeAspect Ratio
MST
Reset DisplayUSB-C Prioritization
Multi-Monitor SyncSmart HDRUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor82    |       Operating the Monitor
OSD Settings to be Synchronized
• Brightness
• Contrast
• Preset Modes
• Color Temperature
• Custom Color (RGB Gain)
• Hue (Movie, Game mode)
• Saturation (Movie, Game mode)
• Response Time
• Sharpness
Setting Multi-Monitor Sync (MMS)
During initial power on or connection of new monitor, user setting synchronization only 
start if MMS is On. All monitor should synchronize settings from M onitor 1 .
ExitOﬀOnColor
DisplayBrightness/Contrast
Input Source
PIP/PBP
Personalize
OthersMenuUSBSharpness
Response TimeAspect Ratio
MST
Reset DisplayUSB-C Prioritization
Multi-Monitor SyncSmart HDRUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
After first synchronization, subsequent syncing is driven by changes to the predefined 
group of OSD settings from any node in the chain. Any node may initiate the changes 
downstream and upstream .
Monitor 2 Monitor 3 Monitor 1
MMS (On)
PC
 Troubleshooting        |    83Troubleshooting
 WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow 
the Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your 
monitor is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected 
but the monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the 
following steps:
1. Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
2. Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test 
operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.
3. Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, 
the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the 
dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
No DP Cable
The display will go into Standby Mode in 4 minutes.
www.dell.com/U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
or
No HDMI Cable
The display will go into Standby Mode in 4 minutes.
www.dell.com/U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE
or
No USB-C Cable
The display will go into Standby Mode in 4 minutes.
www.dell.com/U2723QX/U2723QE/U3223QE84    |       Troubleshooting
4. This box also appears during normal system operation if the video cable becomes  
disconnected or damaged.
5. Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
ExitOthersMenuDisplay Info
Self-Diagnostic
Reset Others
Factory ResetFirmware 33T101
Service Tag CN073K0DDC/CI On
LCD Conditioning Oﬀ
ENERGY STAR®Select
SelectInput Source
DisplayColorBrightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
PersonalizeUSBUltraSharp 27/32 Monitor
To Run the Built-in Diagnostics:
1. Ensure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
2. Select OSD items of Self-Diagnostics in Others feature.
3. Press the Joystick button to start the diagnostics. A gray screen is displayed.  
4. Observe if the screen has any defects or abnormalities.
5. Toggle the Joystick once again until a red screen is displayed.
6. Observe if the screen has any defects or abnormalities.
7. Repeat steps 5 and 6 until the screen displays green, blue, black, and white 
colors. Note any abnormalities or defects. 
The test is complete when a text screen is displayed. To exit, toggle the Joystick 
control again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer. Troubleshooting        |    85Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/
Power LED offNo picture • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected 
and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
• Ensure that the correct input source is selected 
in the Input Source  menu.
No Video/
Power LED onNo picture or no 
brightness• Increase brightness and contrast controls via 
OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input source is selected 
in the Input Source  menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots• Cycle power on-off.
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect 
that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and 
Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
  https:/ / www.dell.com/pixelguidelines
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots• Cycle power On-Off.
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect 
that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and 
PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at: 
  https:/ / www.dell.com/pixelguidelines
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness and contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks• Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
• Contact Dell immediately.86    |       Troubleshooting
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on 
& off• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in 
self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing 
color• Perform monitor self-test.
• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good• Try different Preset Modes in Color settings 
OSD. 
• Adjust R/G/B value under Custom Color in Color 
menu OSD.
• Change the Input Color Format to RGB or 
YCbCr in the Color settings OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen• Set the screen to turn off after a few minutes 
of screen idle time. These can be adjusted in 
Windows Power Options or Mac Energy Saver 
setting.
• Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver. Troubleshooting        |    87Product Specific Problems
Problem What You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but 
does not fill 
entire viewing 
area• Check the Aspect Ratio setting in the Display 
menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust 
the monitor 
with the 
buttons on the 
front panelOSD does not 
appear on the 
screen• Turn off the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable, plug it back, and then turn on the monitor.
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, the 
LED light is 
white• Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the 
mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is plugged 
in properly. Connect the signal cable again, if 
necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.
The picture 
does not fill the 
entire screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen• Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
No image 
when using DP 
connection to 
the PCBlack screen • Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.4) is 
your Graphics Card certified to. Download and 
install the latest graphics card driver.
• Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
DP 1.4 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input 
Source selection, press and hold DP select 
Joystick key for 8 seconds to change the 
monitor setting from DP 1.4 to DP 1.1a. 88    |       Troubleshooting
Problem What You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No image when 
using USB-C 
connection 
to computer, 
laptop, and so 
on Black screen • Verify if the USB-C interface of the device can 
support DP alternate mode. 
• Verify if the device required more than 90 W 
power charging. 
• USB-C interface of device cannot support DP 
alternate mode.  
• Set Windows to Projection mode.
• Ensure that the USB-C cable is not damaged.
No charging 
when using 
USB-C 
connection 
to computer, 
laptop, and so 
on No charging • Verify if the device can support one of 5V / 9V /  
15V / 20V charging profiles. 
• Verify if the Notebook requires a >90 W power 
adaptor.
• If the Notebook requires a >90 W power 
adaptor, it may not charge with the USB-C 
connection. 
• Ensure that you use only Dell approved adapter 
or the adapter that comes with the product.
• Ensure that the USB-C cable is not damaged.
Intermittent 
charging when 
using USB-C 
connection to 
computer, 
laptop, and so 
on Intermittent 
charging• Check if the maximum power consumption of 
device is over 90 W.
• Ensure that you use only Dell approved adapter 
or the adapter that comes with the product.
• Ensure that the USB-C cable is not damaged.
No image when 
using USB-C 
MSTBlack screen or
2nd DUT is not 
Prime mode• USB-C input, Go to OSD menu, under Display 
Info check the Link Rate is HBR2 or HBR3, if 
Link Rate is HBR2, suggest to use USB-C to DP 
cable to turn on MST.
No network 
connectionNetwork 
dropped or 
Intermittent• Do not toggle Off/On the power button when 
network is connected, keeps the power button 
On. Troubleshooting        |    89Problem What You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
The LAN port is 
not functioning OS setting 
or cable 
connection 
issue• Ensure that the latest BIOS and drivers for your 
computer are installed on your computer.
• Ensure that the RealTek Gigabit Ethernet 
Controller is installed in the Windows Device 
Manager.
• If your BIOS Setup has a LAN/GBE Enabled/
Disabled option, make sure it is set to Enabled.
• Ensure that the Ethernet cable is connected 
securely on the monitor and the hub/router/
firewall.
• Check the status LED of the Ethernet cable to 
confirm connectivity. Re-connect both ends of 
the Ethernet cable if the LED is not lit.
• First power off the Computer and unplug the 
Type-C cable and power cord of the monitor. 
Then, power on the computer, plug in the 
monitor power cord and Type-C cable.90    |       Troubleshooting
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
USB interface is 
not workingUSB peripherals 
are not working• Check that your display is turned ON.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Turn off the monitor and turn it on again.
• Reboot the computer.
• Certain USB devices such as portable hard 
drives require higher power source; connect the 
drive to the computer directly.
Super speed 
USB 3.2 Gen2 
interface is 
slow.Super speed 
USB 3.2 Gen2 
peripherals 
working slowly 
or not working 
at all• Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
• Some computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and 
USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port 
is used.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Reboot the computer.
Wireless USB 
peripherals stop 
working when a 
USB 3.0 device 
is plugged inWireless USB 
peripherals 
responding 
slowly or only 
working as 
the distance 
between itself 
and its receiver 
decreases• Increase the distance between the USB 3.0 
peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
• Position your wireless USB receiver as close as 
possible to the wireless USB peripherals.
• Use a USB-extender cable to position the 
wireless USB receiver as far away as possible 
from the USB 3.0 port.
USB is not 
workingNo USB 
functionalitiesRefer to input source and USB pairing table. Appendix        |    91Appendix
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at https:/ / www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance
Contacting Dell
For customers in the United States, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355) .
 NOTE: If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find 
contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell 
product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
See https:/ / www.dell.com/support/monitors
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
1. Go to https:/ / www.dell.com/support
2. Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu 
at the bottom-right corner of the page.
3. Click Contact Us next to the country dropdown.
4. Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
5. Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.
EU Product Database for Energy Label and Product 
Information Sheet
U2723QE : https:/ / eprel.ec.europa.eu/qr/ 955176
U3223Q E: https:/ /eprel.ec.europa.eu/qr/ 955168Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor  
User's Guide
Setting the display resolution  
Information in this document is subject to change without notice.
© 2012 Dell  Inc. All rights  reserved.
Reproduction of these materials in any manner whatsoever without the written permission of Dell Inc. is strictly forbidden.
Trademarks used in this text: Dell  and the DELL  logo are trademarks of Dell Inc.; Microsoft  and Windows  are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in
the United States and/or other countries, Intel  is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries; and ATI is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices,Inc.
has determined that this product meets the ENERGY STAR guidelines for energy efficiency.Other trademarks and trade names may be used in this document to refer to either the entities claiming the marks and names or their products. Dell Inc. disclaims any proprietary
interest in trademarks and trade names other than its own.
Model U2413f / U2713Hb
November 2012 Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Dell™ U2413/U2713H  Monitor User's Guide
About Your Monitor
Setting Up the Monitor
Operating the Monitor
Troubleshooting
Appendix
Notes, Cautions, and Warnings
NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal injury, or death.
Information in this document is subject to change without notice.
© 2012 Dell  Inc. All rights  reserved.
Reproduction of these materials in any manner whatsoever without the written permission of Dell Inc. is strictly forbidden.
Trademarks used in this text: Dell  and the DELL  logo are trademarks of Dell Inc;   Microsoft and Windows are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in
the United States and/or other countries , Intel is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries; and ATI is a trademark of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
ENERGY STAR is a registered trademark of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. As an ENERGY STAR partner, Dell Inc. has determined that this product meets the ENERGY STAR
guidelines for energy efficiency.
Other trademarks and trade names may be used in this document to refer to either the entities claiming the marks and names or their products. Dell Inc. disclaims any proprietary
interest in trademarks and trade names other than its own.
Model U2413f / U2713Hb
November 2012 Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back to Contents Page
About Your Monitor
Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor User's Guide
Package Contents
Product Features
Identifying Parts and Controls
Monitor Specifications
Plug and Play Capability
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface
Card Reader Specifications
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
Maintenance Guidelines
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Ensure that you have received all the components and contact Dell  if something is missing.
NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor. Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
NOTE:  To set up with an y other stand, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for setup instructions.
Monitor
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Stand
Power cable (varies by countries)
DisplayPort cable (Mini-DP to DP)
U2413: DVI-D cable (Single Link)
U2713H: DVI-D cable (Dual Link)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables the USB ports on the monitor)
Velcro cable tie
Product and Safety Information Guide
Quick Setup Guide
Factory Calibration Report
Drivers and Documentation  media
Product Features
The Dell U2413/U2713H  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor (TFT), Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
■ U2413 : 60.96 cm (24.0-inch)  viewable area display (measured diagonally). 1920 x 1200 resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
■ U2713H : 68.47 cm (27.0-inch) viewable area display (measured diagonally). 2560 x 1440 resolution, plus full-screen support for lower  resolutions.
■ Wide viewing angle to allow viewing from a sitting or standing position, or while moving from side-to-side.
■ Tilt, swivel, vertical extension and rotate adjustment capability.
■ Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA ™) 100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
■ Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
■ On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
■ Software and documentation media includes an Information File (INF), Image Color Matching File (ICM), Dell Display Manager software application, Color Calibration Software and
   product documentation.
■ Security lock slot.
■ Stand lock.
■ Asset Management Capability.
■ Capability to switch from wide aspect to standard aspect ratio while maintaining the image quality.
■ TCO-Certified Displays.
■ Dell Display Manager software included (comes in the CD shipped with the monitor).
■ Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only.
■ High Dynamic Contrast Ratio (2,000,000:1).
■ BFR/PVC-reduced.
■ Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ■ EPEAT Gold Rating.
■ Energy Saver feature for Energy Star compliance.
■ Compatible with Adobe and sRGB color standards.
■ Factory calibrated sRGB and Adobe RGB input source for brand new Dell U2413/U2713H monitor. Dedicated Custom Color Mode (6-axis  Color-control) for Saturation , Hue,  Gain
   (RGB) and offset (RGB).
■ 12-bit internal processing which tested HDMI with deep color (12-bit).
■ 12-bit internal processing with 14-bit LUT.
■ USB 3.0 Card Reader (SD/Mini SD, MS/HSMD/MSPRO, MMC).
■ Supports DVI-D, DisplayPort, Mini DisplayPort, HDMI, DP1.1a, DP 1.2 MST (also known as DP Daisy Chain) and HBR2 (Default out of factory setting is DP1.1a. To enable MST and
   HBR2, refer to instruction on section " Connecting the Monitor for DP MST Function " ).
■ Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) and Picture in Picture (PIP) Select mode.
Identifying Parts and Controls
Front View
           Front panel controls
Label Description
1Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the
Monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back View
          Back View with monitor stand
Label Description Use
1VESA mounting holes (100 mm x 100 mm -
behind attached VESA Plate)  Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 mm).  
2 Regulatory label List the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Connector label Indicate the connector locations.
5 Security lock slot Secure monitor with security cable lock.
6 Dell Soundbar mounting brackets Attach the optional Dell Soundbar.
7 Barcode serial number label Refer to this label if you need to contact Dell for technical support.
8 Cable management slot For cable management. Route cables through the slot.
 
   
 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Side View
Label Description Use
1 Card Reader  See Card Reader Specifications  for more information.  
2 USB Down Stream Port Connect your USB devices.
3 USB Down Stream PortConnect your USB devices.
This USB port supports BC 1.2 compliance charging devices, at 1.5A max for fast
charging.
 
    
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Bottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1AC power cord
connector  Connect the power cable .
2DC power
connector for
Dell SoundbarConnect the power cord for the soundbar (optional).
3 Audio Out Connect the soundbar mini stereo plug (Support two channel output ).
4DisplayPort inconnectorConnect your computer with DP cable.
5MiniDisplayPort inconnectorConnect your computer with Mini DP to DP cable
6 DVI connectorConnect your computer with DVI cable. For U2713H, use only DVI dual-link cable provided in box (or
other certified dual-link cable) for this connection only.
7HDMI
connectorConnect your computer with HDMI cable.
8DisplayPort out(MST)connectorDisplayPort output for MST (Multi-Stream Transport) capable monitor. DP 1.1 monitor can only beconnected as the last monitor in the MST chain. To enable MST, refer to instruction on section"Connecting the Monitor for DP MST Function
".
9USB upstreamportConnect the USB cable that came with your monitor to the computer. Once this cable is connected, youcan use the USB connectors on the monitor.
10USBdownstream
portConnect your USB device. You can only use this connector after you have connected the USB cable to
the computer and USB upstream connector on the monitor.
11Stand lockfeatureTo lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm screw (the screw is not provided).
NOTE: Headphone usage is not supported for the audio line out connector.
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Model U2413 U2713H
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel type AH In-plane switching AH In-plane switching
Screen dimensions 609.6 mm (24-inches diagonal viewable image size) 684.7 mm (27-inches diagonal viewable image size)
Preset display area:
     Horizontal
     Vertical 518.4 mm (20.4 inches)324.0 mm (12.8 inches) 596.7 mm (23.49 inches)335.7 mm (13.21 inches)
Pixel pitch 0.27 mm 0.231 mm
Viewing angle178° (vertical) typical178° (horizontal) typical178° (vertical) typical178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 350 cd/m² (typical), 50 cd/m² (minimum) 350 cd/m² (typical), 50 cd/m² (minimum)
Contrast ratio1000 to 1 (typical)2M to 1 (typical Dynamic Contrast On)1000 to 1 (typical)2M to 1 (typical Dynamic Contrast On)
Faceplate coating Antiglare with hard-coating 3H Antiglare with hard-coating 3H
Backlight LED edgelight system LED edgelight system
Response time 6 ms gray-to-gray (typical) 6 ms gray-to-gray (typical)
Color depth 1.07 billion colors 1.07 billion colors
Color gamut 103%* (CIE 1931), 120% (CIE 1976) 103%* (CIE 1931), 120% (CIE 1976)
Backlight Life (to half
initial brightness)30K hours (typical) 30K hours (typical)
*[U2413/U2713H ] sRGB coverage is 100% (based on CIE 1931 and CIE 1976), AdobeRGB coverage is 99%( based on CIE 1931 and CIE 1976) .
Resolution  Specifications
Model U2413 U2713H
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 81 kHz (automatic) 29 kHz to 113 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range 56 Hz to 76 Hz (automatic) 49 Hz to 86 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 1920 x 1200 at 60 Hz 2560 x 1440 at 60 HzDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
Supported Video Modes
Model U2413/U2713H
Video display capabilities (DVI & DP & HDMI playback) 480p, 480i, 576p, 576i, 720p, 1080p, 1080i
Preset Display Modes
U2413
Display ModeHorizontal Frequency
(kHz)Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (Horizontal/Vertical)
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 60.0 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1200 74.0 60.0 154.0 +/-
U2713H
Display ModeHorizontal Frequency
(kHz)Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (Horizontal/Vertical)
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 60.0 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.7 60.0 83.5 -/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.3 60.0 146.3 -/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1200 74.6 60.0 193.3 -/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
Electrical  Specifications
Model U2413 U2713H
Video input signalsDigital DVI-D TMDS, 600 mV for each differential line, positive polarity at 50 ohm input impedance
DisplayPort*, 600mV for each differential line, 100 ohm input impedance per differential pair
HDMI, 600mV for each differential line, 100 ohm input impedance per differential pair
AC input
voltage/frequency/current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz + 3 Hz / 1.5 A (typical)
Inrush current120 V: 42 A (Max.) at 0  °C
220 V: 80 A (Max.) at 0 °C
* Support DP1.2 (CORE) specification, include HBR2, MST and DP audio.
Physical  Characteristics
Model U2413 U2713H
Connector typeDVI-D, white connector
DP, black connector (include DP in and DP out)
Mini DP
HDMI
USB 3.0
Signal cable typeDVI-D
Mini DP to DP
HDMI
USB 3.0 
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 530.9 mm (20.90 inches) 538.4 mm (21.20 inches)
Height (compressed) 415.9 mm (16.37 inches) 423.4 mm (16.67 inches)
Width 556.0 mm (21.89 inches) 639.3 mm (25.17 inches)
Depth 200.5 mm (7.89 inches) 200.5 mm (7.89 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Height  361.6 mm (14.24 inches) 378.2 mm (14.89 inches)
Width 556.0 mm (21.89 inches) 639.3 mm (25.17 inches)
Depth 67.1 mm (2.64 inches) 74.1 mm (2.92 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 418.4 mm (16.47 inches) 418.4 mm (16.47 inches)
Height (compressed) 372.3 mm (14.66 inches) 372.3 mm (14.66 inches)
Width 314.8 mm (12.39 inches) 314.8 mm (12.39 inches)
Depth 200.5 mm (7.89 inches) 200.5 mm (7.89 inches)
WeightWeight with packaging 20.57 lb (9.35 kg) 24.09 lb (10.95 kg)
Weight with stand assembly and
cables16.10 lb (7.32 kg) 19.25 lb (8.75 kg)
Weight without stand assembly(For wall mount or VESA mount
considerations - no cables)11.02 lb (5.01 kg) 13.86 lb (6.30 kg)
Weight of stand assembly 3.92 lb (1.78 kg) 4.22 lb (1.92 kg)
Front frame gloss Black Frame - 5.0 gloss unit (max.)
Environmental  Characteristics
Model U2413 U2713H
Temperature
Operating 0 °C to 40 °C (0 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operatingStorage: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Shipping: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Humidity
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operatingStorage: 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Shipping: 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
Operating 5,000 m (16,500 ft) max
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) max
Thermal dissipation409.56 BTU/hour (maximum)
204.78 BTU/hour (typical)443.58 BTU/hour (maximum)
204.73 BTU/hour (typical)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, the monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is referred to
as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, mouse, or other input devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The following table shows
the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power saving feature:
VESA Modes Horizontal
Sync Vertical
SyncVideo Power Indicator Power Consumption
U2413 U2713H
Normal
operationActive  Active Active White 120 W (maximum) **60 W (typical)130 W (maximum) **60 W (typical)
Active-off
modeInactive  Inactive BlankedWhite (fade in andfade out)Less than 0.5 W Less than 0.5 W
Switch off    -     -    - Off Less than 0.5 W Less than 0.5 W
The OSD functions only in the normal operation mode. When any button is pressed in the Active-off mode, one of the following messages will be displayed:
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR®-compliant.   
*   Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting the power cord from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with max luminance, Dell Soundbar, and USB active.
 
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Pin Assignments
U2413 DVI  Connector U2713H DVI (Dual link) Connector
 
Pin
Number24-pin Side of th e Connected Signal Cable
1 TMDS RX2-
2 TMDS RX2+
3 TMDS Ground
4 No Connection
5 No Connection
6 DDC Clock
7 DDC Data
8 No Connection
9 TMDS RX1-
10 TMDS RX1+
11 TMDS Ground
12 No Connection
13 No Connection
14 +5 V power
15 Self test  
16 Hot Plug Detect
17 TMDS RX0-
18 TMDS RX0+
19 TMDS Ground
20 No Connection
21 No Connection
22 TMDS Ground
23 TMDS Clock+PinNumber24-pin Side of th e Connected Signal Cable
1 TMDS RX2-
2 TMDS RX2+
3 TMDS Ground
4 TMDS RX4-
5 TMDS RX4+
6 DDC Clock
7 DDC Data
8 No Connection
9 TMDS RX1-
10 TMDS RX1+
11 TMDS Ground
12 TMDS RX3-
13 TMDS RX3+
14 +5 V power
15 Self test  
16 Hot Plug Detect
17 TMDS RX0-
18 TMDS RX0+
19 TMDS Ground
20 TMDS RX5-
21 TMDS RX5+
22 TMDS Ground
23 TMDS Clock+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24 TMDS Clock- 24 TMDS Clock-
 
DisplayPort Connector (DP in and DP out)
Pin
Number20-pin Side of the Connected Signal Cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX(p)
16 GND
17 AUX(n)
18 HPD
19 DP_PWR_Return
20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Mini DisplayPort Connector
Pin
Number20-pin Side of the Connected Signal Cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3(n)
4 GND
5 ML3(n)
6 GND
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML0(p)
11 ML2(p)
12 ML0(p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1(n)
16 AUX(p)
17 ML1(p)
18 AUX(n)
19 GND
20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  HDMI Connector
Pin
Number19-pin Side of the Connected Signal Cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 No Connection
14 No Connection
15 DDC CLOCK (SDA)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 GROUND
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT
Plug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification Data (EDID)
using Display Data Channel (DDC) protocols so the system can configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can select different
settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the monitor.
NOTE: This monitor is Super-Speed USB 3.0 compatible.
Transfer Speed Data
Rate Power Consumption*
Super-Speed 5G bps  4.5W (Max, each port)
High speed 480M bps  4.5W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12M bps  4.5W (Max, each port)
  NOTE  *: Up to 1.5A on USB downstream port (port with 
  lightning icon) with BC1.2 compliance devices.
USB Upstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  USB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
USB Ports
1 upstream - back
4 downstream -2 on back; 2 on left side
Power Charging Port- the lower one of two USB ports on left side (port with 
  lightning icon) ; supports fast current charging capability if the device is BC1.2
compatible.
NOTE:  USB 3.0  functionality requires a USB 3.0-capable computer.  
NOTE:  The monitor's USB interface works only when the monitor is On or in the power save mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then turn it On, the attached peripherals may
take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Card Reader Specifications
Overview
The Flash Memory Card Reader is a USB storage device that allows users to read and write information from and into the memory card. 
 
The Flash Memory Card Reader is automatically recognized by Microsoft® Windows ® Vista and Windows ® 7. 
 
Once installed and recognized, memory card(slot) appears drive letter. 
All standard file operations (copy, delete, drag-and-drop, etc.) can be performed with this drive.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Features
The Flash Memory Card Reader has the following features:
Supports Microsoft® Windows ® Vista and Windows ® 7 operating systems  
 
Mass Storage Class device (No drivers are required under Microsoft® Windows ® Vista and Windows ® 7) 
 
Supports various memory card media
The following table lists the memory cards supported:
Slot Number Flash memory cards type
1MS Pro HG, 
High Speed Memory Stick (HSMS), 
Memory Stick PRO (MSPRO), Memory Stick Duo(w Adapter), 
MS Duo Secure Digital (Mini-SD), Secure Digital Card, Mini Secure Digital (w Adaptor),TransFlash (SD, including SDHC) ,
MultiMediaCard (MMC),
Maximum Card Capacity Supported by the U2413/U2713H card reader
Card type Support Specification Support Maximum
Capacity by SpecU2413/U2713H
MS Pro HG Memory Stick Pro-HG Support USB 3.0 speed 32 GB Supported
MS Duo Memory Stick Duo Specification 32 GB Supported
SD SD Memory Card support USB 3.0 speed 32 GB Supported
MMC Multi Media Card System Specification 32 GB Supported
General
Connection type USB 2.0/3.0 High Speed Device (USB High Speed Device compatible)
Supported OS Microsoft® Windows® Vista  and Windows ® 7
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect thedisplay quality or usability. For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  www.dell.com/support/monitors
.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
CAUTION: Read and follow the safety instructions  before cleaning the monitor.  
WARNING:  Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from the electrical outlet.  
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, or handling your monitor:
To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating.
Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed air.
Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
Handle your  monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.  
To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.
Back to Contents PageDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back to Contents Page
Setting Up the Monitor
Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor User's Guide
  Attaching the Stand
  Connecting the Monitor
  Organizing Your Cables
  Attaching Dell Soundbar AX510/AY511 (Optional)
  Removing the Monitor Stand  
  Wall Mounting (Optional)
Attaching the Stand
NOTE:  The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the set up instructions.
To attach the monitor stand:
1. Remove the cover and place the monitor on it.
2. Fit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of the monitor.
3. Press the stand till it snaps into place.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting Your Monitor
 WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the Safety Instructions .
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1. Turn Off your computer and  disconnect the power cable. 
2. Connect the white (digital DVI-D) or the black (DisplayPort/Mini DP/HDMI) display connector cable to the corresponding video port on the back of your computer.
Do not use the four cables on the same computer. Use all cables only when they are connected to four different computers with appropriate video systems.
Connecting the white DVI cable
Connecting the black DisplayPort (Mini DP to DP) cable
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the black DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable
 
Connecting the black HDMI cable
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the Monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) function
NOTE:  U2413/U2713H support the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your PC Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
The default out of factory setting in the U2413/U2713H is DP1.1a. 
To enable MST connection please use only DP cable as provided in box (or other DP1.2 certified cable) and change the DP setting to DP1.2 by performing the below steps:
A) Monitor is able to show content
1. Use OSD button to navigate to Display SettingsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2. Go to DisplayPort 1.2 selection
3. Select Enable or Disable accordingly
4. Follow the screen message to confirm selection of DP1.2 or DP1.1a
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  B) Monitor fails to show any content (blank screen)
1. Press OSD button to invoke the Input Source OSD menu
2. Use the 
  or 
  button to highlight "DisplayPort" or "Mini DisplayPort"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3. Press and hold the 
  key for approximately 8 sec.
4. The DisplayPort configuration message will appear:
5. Use the 
  button to enable DP1.2 or 
  button to exit without making any changes
Repeat the above steps to change the setting back to DP 1.1a if necessary.
CAUTION: The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. Appearance of the computer may vary.
 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
After you have completed connecting the DVI/Mini DP/DP/HDMI cable, follow the procedures below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and complete your
monitor setup:
1. Connect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port on your computer. (See bottom  view for details.)
2. Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the downstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3. Plug the power cables  for your computer and monitor into a nearby outlet.
4. Turn On the monitor and the computer.
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display an image, see Solving Problems .
5. Use the cable slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
 
 
 
   
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Organizing Your Cables
 
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See Connecting Your Monitor  for cable attachment,)  organize all cables as shown above.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Attaching Dell Soundbar AX510/AY511  (Optional)
 
CAUTION: Do not use with any device other than the Dell Soundbar.  
NOTE:   The Soundbar power connector (+12 V DC output) is for the optional Dell Soundbar only.
To attach the Soundbar:
1.At the back of the monitor, attach the Soundbar by aligning the two slots with the two tabs along the bottom of the monitor.
2.Slide the Soundbar to the left until it snaps into place.
3. Connect the Soundbar with the DC power connector.
4.Insert the mini stereo plug from the back of the Soundbar into the computer's audio output port.
For HDMI/DP, you can insert the mini stereo plug into the monitor’s audio output port. If there is no sound, check your PC if the Audio output is configured to
HMDI/DP output.
 
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Removing the Monitor Stand
NOTE:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the stand, ensure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for the set-up instructions.
To remove the stand:
1. Place the monitor on a flat surface.
2. Press and hold the stand release button.
3. Lift the stand up and away from the monitor.
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1. Place the monitor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
2. Remove the stand.
3. Use a Philips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the plastic cover.
4. Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.5. Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the wall mounting kit.
NOTE:  For use only with UL-listed wall mount bracket with minimum weight/load bearing capacity of 6.30 kg.
Back to Contents PageDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back to Contents Page
Operating the Monitor
Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor User's Guide
  Power On the Monitor
  Using the Front Panel Controls
  Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
  Setting the Maximum Resolution
  Using Dell Soundbar
  Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
  Rotating the Monitor
  Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
Power On the Monitor
Press the 
  button to turn On the monitor
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using the Front Panel  Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows the numeric values
of the features as they change.
 
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Shortcut
KeyFront Panel Icon Description
1
Shortcut key/Preset
ModesUse the Preset Modes  key to choose from a list of preset color modes.
2
Shortcut key/
Brightness/ContrastUse the Brightness / Contrast  key to directly access the Brightness/ Contrast  control menu.
3
Shortcut key/Input SourceUse Input Source  key to select between different video signals that may be connected to your monitor.
DVI-D input
DisplayPort input
Mini DisplayPort  input
HDMI input
Displays the source selection bar. Press 
  and 
  keys  to move between the setting options and press 
  to select
the input source you want.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4
 
MenuUse the Menu  key to launch the On-Screen Display (OSD) and select the OSD Menu. See Accessing the Menu System .
5
ExitUse the Exit key to go back to the main menu or exit the OSD main menu.
6
Power 
 (with power light indicator)Use the Power  key to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white LED indicates the monitor is On and fully functional. A glowing LED indicates the U2413/U2713H is in DPMS
power save mode.
 
Front Panel Button
Use the buttons  on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.  
         
Shortcut Key Front Panel Icon Description
1
UpUse the Up key to adjust (increase ranges) items in the OSD menu.
2
DownUse the Down  key to adjust (decrease ranges) items in the OSD menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3
OKUse the OK key to confirm your selection.
4
BackUse the Back  key to go back to the previous menu.
 
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
 
Accessing the Menu System
NOTE:  If you change the settings and then either proceed to another menu or exit the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those changes.  The changes are also saved if you
change the settings and then wait for the OSD menu to disappear.
1. Press the 
  key to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
NOTE:  For U2413, the maximum resolution is 1920 x 1200 @ 60Hz. For U2713H, the maximum resolution is 2560 x 1440 @ 60Hz.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2. Press  the 
  and 
  keys to move between the setting options. As you move from one icon to another, the option name is highlighted. See the following table for a  complete list of
all the options available for the monitor.
3. Press  the 
  key once to activate the highlighted option.  
4. Press  
  and 
  keys to select the desired parameter.
5. Press  
  key to enter the slide bar and then use the  
  and 
  keys, according to the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6. Press  
  key to return to the main menu.
Icon Menu and
SubmenusDescription
Brightness /
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast adjustment.
 
 Brightness Brightness adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Use the 
  key to increase the brightness and the 
  key to decrease the brightness (min 0 / max 100). 
NOTE:  Manual adjustment of Brightness is disabled when Energy Smart or Dynamic Contrast is switched On.
 Contrast Adjust the Brightness first, and then adjust the Contrast only if further adjustment is necessary.Use the 
 key to increase the contrast and the  
  key to decrease the contrast (min 0 / max 100). 
The Contrast function adjusts the degree of difference between darkness and lightness on the monitor screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the different video signals that may be connected to your monitor.
 
 Scan Sources
Press  
  to select  Scan Sources , the monitor auto detects either the DVI-D input or DislpayPort input or Mini DislpayPort input or HDMI input.
DVI-D
Select the DVI-D  input when you are using the Digital (DVI) connector.  Press 
  to select the DVI input source.
DisplayPort
Select the DisplayPort  input when you are using the DisplayPort (DP) connector.  Press  
  to select the DisplayPort input source.
Mini DisplayPort
Select the Mini DisplayPort  input when you are using the Mini DisplayPort (Mini DP) connector. Press  
  to select the Mini DisplayPort input source.
HDMI
Select  HDMI input when you are using HDMI connector. Press  
  to select the HDMI input source.
 Color Setting s Use Color Settings  to adjust the color setting mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Input Color
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a computer or DVD player using the DVI cable.
YPbPr : Select this option if your monitor is connected to a DVD player by YPbPr to DVI cable; or if the DVD color output setting is not RGB. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Gamma Allows you to set the Gamma  to PC or MAC.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose  Standard , Multimedia , Movie , Game , Paper , Color Temp. , Color Space  or Custom Color  from the
list.
Standard : Loads the monitor's default color settings. This is the default preset mode.
Multimedia : Loads color settings ideal for multimedia applications.
Movie : Loads color settings ideal for movies.
Game : Loads color settings ideal for most gaming applications.
Paper : Loads brightness and sharpness settings ideal for viewing text. Blend the text background to simulate paper media without affecting color
images.
Color Temp. : Allows users to select the color temperature: 5000K, 5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K and 10000K.
Color Space : Allows users to select the color Space: Adobe RGB, sRGB, CAL1, CAL2 .
Adobe RGB : This mode is compatible with Adobe RGB (99 % coverage).  
sRGB : Emulates 72 % NTSC color.
CAL1 / CAL2: User calibrated preset mode using Dell Ultrasharp Color Calibration Software or other Dell approved software. 
Dell Ultrasharp Color Calibration Software works with the X-rite colorimeter i1Display Pro. The i1Display Pro can be purchased from the Dell Electronics,
Software and Accessories website.
NOTE : Accuracy of sRGB, AdobeRGB, CAL1 and CAL2 are optimized for RGB input color format.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine             For optimal color accuracy of sRGB and AdobeRGB, turn Uniformity Compensation  to Off.
Custom Color : Allows you to manually adjust the color settings. Press the 
  and 
  keys to adjust the three colors (R, G, B) values and create
your own preset color mode.
Use the 
  or 
  keys to select the Gain, Offset, Hue, Saturation .
Gain: Select it to adjust input RGB signal gain level (default value are 100).
Offset : Select it to adjust RGB black-level offset value (default value are 50) to control your monitor base color.
Hue: Select it to adjust RGBCMY hue value individually (default value are 50).
Saturation : Select it to adjust RGBCMY saturation value individually (default value are 50).
 Hue
This feature can shift the color of the video image to green or purple. This is used to adjust the desired flesh tone color. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the hue
from '0' to '100'.
Press 
  to increase the green shade of the video image.
Press 
  to increase the purple shade of the video image.
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only when you select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
 Saturation
This feature can adjust the color saturation of the video image. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the saturation from '0' to '100'.
Press 
  to increase the monochrome appearance of the video image.
Press 
  to increase the colorful appearance of the video image.
NOTE: Saturation adjustment is available only when you select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
 Reset Color Setti
ngsReset your monitor color settings to the Factory Settings .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Display Settings Use the Display Settings  to adjust image. 
 Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:10, 16:9, Auto Resize, 4:3 or 1:1.
NOTE: Wide 16:10  is not available in U2713H.
 Sharpness
This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'.
 Noise Reduction Improve the motion picture quality by reducing noise on image edge.
 Dynamic Contrast Dynamic Contrast  adjusts the contrast ratio to 2M to 1. 
Press the 
  key to select the Dynamic Contrast "On" or "Off" .
NOTE:  Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you select Game or Movie preset mode. 
 Uniformity Compe
nsationSelect screen brightness and color uniformity compensation settings. Calibrated  is factory calibrated setting by default. User is reserved for Dell approved
user calibration software settings. Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different areas of the screen with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness
and color over the entire screen. For optimal screen performance, Brightness and Contrast for some preset modes (Standard, Color Temp.) will be disabled
when Uniformity Compensation  is turned On. When Uniformity Compensation is turned On, Energy Smart cannot be activated.
NOTE : Screen Uniformity performance is optimized at default out of factory luminance setting.
 Smart Video EnhancePress the 
 key to select the Smart Video Enhance  "Movie" or "Advance" or "Off" .
Smart Video Enhance  automatically detects video (motion) in any window on the screen, and applies enhancements to the video. Only the video window is
enhanced. Two different enhancement settings are available:
Movie  - suitable for movie or multimedia video clips.
Advanc e - User adjustable setting.
NOTE:  Smart Video Enhance (SVE) enhances one of the video windows (typically the largest), if multiple video windows are active on the screen.
DisplayPort 1.2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   DisplayPort 1.2
Press the 
  key to enable or disable DisplayPort 1.2
To use the DP MST (Daisy Chain) or HBR2 feature, enable DP1.2. 
NOTE:  Ensure your Graphics Card can support these features before selecting DP1.2. Wrong setting may result in blank screen.
 Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
 Reset Display
SettingsSelect this option to restore default display settings. 
PIP Settings This function brings up a window displaying image from another input source.
U2413 U2713H
 Main
WindowSub-Window
DVI-D DP Mini DP HDMI
DVI-D X
DP
 X X
Mini DP
 X X
HDMI
 X Main
WindowSub-Window
DVI-D DP Mini DP HDMI
DVI-D X
 X
DP
 X X
Mini DP
 X X
HDMI X
 X
NOTE:  The images under PBP will be displayed at the center of the screen, not full screen.
PIP/PBP submenu when PIP/PBP Off  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  PIP/PBP submenu when PIP/PBP On  
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  PIP Mode There are three modes: Picture in Picture (PIP) and Picture by Picture (PBP) and Off.
Use 
  and 
   to browse and 
  to select " Off", "PIP" or " PBP".
Size Select PIP window size.
Use 
  and 
   to browse and 
  to select " Small " or " Large ".
Position Select PIP window position.
Use 
  and 
   to browse and 
  to select " Top-Left ", "Top-Right ", "Bottom-Right " or " Bottom-Left ".
Contrast Adjust the contrast level of the picture in PIP /PBP Mode.
 reduces the contrast
 increases the contrast
Other Settings Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Language Language options set the OSD display to one of the eight languages (English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese or
Japanese).
 MenuTransparency
Select this option to change the menu transparency by pressing the  
 and 
   keys (Minimum: 0 ~ Maximum: 100).
 Menu Timer OSD Hold Time: sets the length of time the OSD will remain active after the last time you pressed a button.
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the slider in 1 second increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
 Menu Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock is selected, no user adjustments are allowed. All buttons are locked .
 
NOTE:
Lock function – Either soft lock (through the OSD menu) or hard lock (press and hold the button above the power button for 10 seconds)
Unlock function– Only hard unlock (press and hold the button above the power button for 10 seconds)
 Menu Button
SoundThe monitor beeps everytime a new option is selected in the menu. This button enables or disables the sound.
 Auto Rotate This display is equipped with a orientation sensor. Rotating the display from Landscape to Pivot (or back) will automatically trigger the OSD to be rotated
accordingly.If Dell Display Manager (DDM) is installed and with suitable PC graphics card, the screen content will also be rotated accordingly.Select Auto Rotate  to Off to disable this feature.
NOTE : Auto Rotate  is not available when PIP/PBP is On.
 Energy Smart To turn On or Off dynamic dimming.
The dynamic dimming feature automatically reduces the screen's brightness level when the displayed image contains a high proportion of bright areas.
 Menu Location Select OSD Menu  window position.
 Power SaveAudioTo turn On or Off Audio Power  during Power Save  mode.
 DDC/CI DDC/CI (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows your monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and etc.) to be adjustable via the softwareon your computer. You can disable this feature by selecting "Disable".
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum performance of your monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
 LCD Conditioning Helps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on the degree of image retention, the program may take some time to run. You can enable this
feature by selecting "Enable".Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Factory Reset Reset all OSD settings to  the factory preset  values.
Personalize User can select from "Preset Modes", "Brightness/Contrast", "Input Source", "Aspect Ratio", and "PIP Mode" set as shortcut key.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  OSD Warning Messages
When the Energy Smart  or Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game or Movie), the manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you will see the following message:
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical  frequency
ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 1920 x 1200 (for the U2413)/2560 x 1440 (for the U2713H).
 
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:  
When the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message appears:  
 
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
If you press any button other than the power button, one of the following messages will appear depending on the selected input:
DVI-D/DP/Mini DP/HDMI input  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  When Uniformity Compensation  is set to “Calibrated” or “User”, the manual brightness / contrast adjustment is disabled. 
If either DVI-D or DP or Mini DP or HDMI  input  is selected and both DVI-D or HDMI or DP cables are not connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 or 
 or Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  or
  
See Solving Problems  for more information.
Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows Vista® , Windows® 7 , Windows® 8:
1. For Windows® 8 only, select the Desktop  tile to switch to classic desktop.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen resolution .
3. Click the Dropdown list of the Screen resolution and select 1920 x 1200 (U2413) or  2560 x 1440 (U2713H).
4. Click OK.
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update your graphics driver. Depending on your computer, complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
Go to http://support.dell.com , enter your service tag, and download the latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell computer (portable or desktop):
Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest graphic drivers.
Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic drivers.
 
 
 
 
   
 
   Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using Dell Soundbar
The soundbar has an On/Off power and rotary volume control to adjust the overall sound system, a LED for power indication and two audio headset jacks.
1Attach mechanism
2Power/Volume control
3Headphone jacks
4Power indicator
 
  
 
 
  
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
NOTE:  This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. When any other stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt and swivel the monitor for the most comfortable viewing angle.
NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
 
 
    
 
  
 
   
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Vertical Extension
NOTE:  The stand extends vertically up to 115 mm. The figure below illustrates how to extend the stand vertically.
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended ( Vertical Extension ) and fully tilted ( Tilt) up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
NOTE:  To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with your Dell computer, you require an  updated graphics driver that is not included with this monitor. To
download the graphics driver, go to http://support.dell.com  and see the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates.
NOTE:  When in the Portrait View Mode , you may experience performance degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your system.
NOTE: If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer,  you need to go the graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on rotating the 'contents'
on your display.
To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Properties .
2. Select the Settings  tab and click Advanced .
3. If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation  tab and set the preferred rotation.
If you have an nVidia graphics card,  click the nVidia  tab, in the left-hand column select NVRotate , and then select the preferred rotation.
If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel  graphics tab, click Graphic Properties , select the Rotation  tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
NOTE: If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to http://support.dell.com  and download the latest driver for your graphics card.  
Back to Contents PageDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back to Contents Page
Troubleshooting
Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor User's Guide
  Self-Test
  Built-in Diagnostics
  Common Problems
  Product Specific Problems
  Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
  Dell™ Soundbar Problems
  Card Reader Troubleshooting
 
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the monitor screen remains
dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following steps:
1. Turn Off both your computer and the monitor.
2. Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper self-test operation, remove all video cables from the back of computer.
3. Turn On the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, the power LED
remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 
or
   
 
 
     Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  or
   
4. This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes disconnected or damaged.
5. Turn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your computer and video card.
NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged and the monitor is in self-test mode .
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1. Ensure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
2. Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor then goes into the self-test mode.
3. Press and hold Button 1  and Button 4 on the front panel  simultaneously for 2 seconds. A gray screen appears.
4. Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5. Press Button 4  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
6. Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
7. Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and text screens .
The test is complete when the white screen appears. To exit, press Button 4 again.  
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common Symptoms What You Experience Possible Solutions
No Video/Power LED Off No picture Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
Verify that the power outlet is functioning properly using any other electrical equipment.
Ensure that the power button is depressed fully .
Ensure that the correct input source is selected via the Input Source Select  button.
No Video/Power LED On No picture or no brightness Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Perform monitor self-test feature check.
Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Run the built-in diagnostics.
Ensure that the correct input source is selected via the Input Source Select  button.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, blurry, or ghosting Eliminate video extension cables.
Reset the monitor to Factory Settings .
Change the video resolution to the correct aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery Video Wavy picture or fine movement Reset the monitor to Factory Settings .
Check environmental factors.
Relocate the monitor and test in another room.
For U2713H: If you’re using DVI connection, ensure that a Dual Link DVI cable is used (Supplied together with
the monitor).
Check for loose connection. Unplug & reconnect if required.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has spots Cycle power On-Off.
Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural defect that can occur in LCD technology .
For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has bright spots
Cycle power On-Off.
Pixel that is permanently On is a natural defect that can occur in LCD technology .
For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness Problems Picture too dim or too bright Reset the monitor to Factory Settings .
Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Geometric Distortion Screen not centered correctly Reset the  monitor to Factory Settings .
Horizontal/Vertical Lines Screen has one or more lines Reset the monitor to Factory Settings .
Perform monitor self-test feature check and determine if these lines are also in self-test mode.
Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Run the built-in diagnostics.
For U2713H: If you’re using DVI connection, ensure that a Dual Link DVI cable is used (Supplied together with
the monitor).
Check for loose connection. Unplug & reconnect if required.
Synchronization Problems Screen is scrambled or appears torn Reset the monitor to Factory Settings .
Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Restart the computer in the safe mode .
For U2713H: If you’re using DVI connection, ensure that a Dual Link DVI cable is used (Supplied together withthe monitor).
Check for loose connection. Unplug & reconnect if required.
Safety Related Issues Visible signs of smoke or sparks Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent Problems Monitor malfunctions on & off Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
Reset the monitor to Factory Settings .
Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing color Perform monitor self-test feature check.
Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Wrong Color Picture color not good Change the  Color Setting Mode  in the Color Settings  OSD to Graphics  or Video  depending on the
application.
Try different Color Preset Settings in Color Settings OSD. Adjust R/G/B value in Color Settings OSD if the Color
Management is turned Off.
Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB  or YPbPr  in the Advance Setting OSD.
Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention from a static image
left on the monitor  for a long period of
timeFaint shadow from the static imagedisplayed appears on the screen Use the Power Management  feature to turn Off the monitor at all times when not in use (for more
information, see Power Management Modes ).
Alternatively, use a dynamically changing screensaver.
Product Specific Problems
Specific Symptoms What You Experience Possible Solutions
Screen image is too small Image is centered on screen, but does
not fill entire viewing areaCheck the Scaling Ratio  setting in the Image Setting OSD.
Reset the monitor to Factory Setting s.
Cannot adjust the monitor with thebuttons on the front panelOSD does not appear on the screen
Turn Off the monitor, unplug the power cord, plug it back, and then turn On the monitor .
Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If yes, press and hold the button above the Power button for 10seconds to unlock (for more information, see Menu Lock
).
No Input Signal when user controls arepressedNo picture, the LED light is white.
Check the signal source. Ensure the Computer is not in the power saving mode by moving the mouse orpressing any key on the keyboard.
Check whether the signal cable is plugged in properly.  Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
Reset the computer or video player.
The picture does not fill the entirescreen.The picture cannot fill the height orwidth of the screen
Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
Run the built-in diagnostics.
No image when using DP connection tothe PCBlack screen
Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.2) is your Graphics Card certified to. Download and install the latestGraphics Card driver.
Some DP 1.1a Graphics Card cannot support DP 1.2 monitors. Change the monitor DP setting to match your
Graphics Card by following instruction found in section " Connecting the Monitor For DP MST Function ".
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific Symptoms What You Experience Possible Solutions
USB interface is not working USB peripherals are not working Check that your monitor is turned On.
Reconnect the upstream cable to your  computer.
Reconnect the  USB peripherals (downstream connector).  
Switch Off and then turn On the monitor again.
Reboot the computer.
Some USB devices like external portable HDD require higher electric current; connect the device directly to the
computer system.
High Speed USB 3.0 interface is slow. High Speed USB 3.0 peripheralsworking slowly or not working at all Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
Some computers have both USB 3.0, USB 2.0 and USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is used.  
Reconnect the upstream cable to your  computer.
Reconnect the  USB peripherals (downstream connector).  
Reboot the computer.
Dell™ Soundbar  Problems
Common Symptoms What You Experience Possible Solutions
No Sound No power to Soundbar - the powerindicator is off Turn the Power/Volume knob on the soundbar clockwise to the middle position; check if the power indicator(Blue LED) on the front of the soundbar is illuminated.
Confirm that the power cable from the soundbar is plugged into the adapter.
No Sound Soundbar has power - power indicator
is onPlug the audio line-in cable into the computer's audio out jack.
Set all Windows volume controls to their maximum.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Play some audio content on the computer (i.e. audio CD, or MP3).
Turn the Power/Volume knob on the soundbar clockwise to a higher volume setting.
Clean and reseat the audio line-in plug.
Test the soundbar using another audio source (i.e. portable CD player).
Distorted Sound Computer's sound card is used as the
audio sourceClear any obstructions between the soundbar and the user.
Confirm that the audio line-in plug is completely inserted into the jack of the sound card.
Set all Windows volume controls to their midpoints.
Decrease the volume of the audio application.
Turn the Power/Volume knob on the soundbar counter-clockwise to a lower volume setting.
Clean and reseat the audio line-in plug.
Troubleshoot the computer's sound card.
Test the Soundbar using another audio source (i.e. portable CD player).
Distorted Sound Other audio source is used Clear any obstructions between the soundbar and the user.
Confirm that the audio line-in plug is completely inserted into the jack of the audio source.
Decrease the volume of the audio source.
Turn the Power/Volume knob on the soundbar counter-clockwise to a lower volume setting.
Clean and reseat the audio line-in plug.
Unbalanced Sound Output Sound from only one side of Soundbar Clear any obstructions between the soundbar and the user.
Confirm that the audio line-in plug is completely inserted into the jack of the sound card or audio source.
Set all Windows audio balance controls (L-R) to their midpoints.
Clean and reseat the audio line-in plug.
Troubleshoot the computer's sound card.
Test the soundbar using another audio source (i.e. portable CD player).
Low Volume Volume is too low Clear any obstructions between the soundbar and the user.
Turn the Power/Volume knob on the soundbar clockwise to the maximum volume setting.
Set all Windows volume controls to their maximum.
Increase the volume of the audio application.
Test the soundbar using another audio source (i.e. portable CD player).
Troubleshooting the Card Reader
CAUTION:  Do not remove the device while reading or writing media. Doing so may cause loss of data or malfunction in the media.
Problem Cause Solution
Drive letter is not assigned.
(Windows® XP only)Conflict with network drive letter. A. Right-click My Computer  on the desktop, and then click Manage .
Under Computer Management , click Desk Management .
B. In the list of drives in the right panel, right-click Removable
Device  and then click Change Drive  Letter and Paths.
C. Click Change , and in the drop-down box, specify a drive letter for
the Removable Device , choosing one that is not assigned to the
mapped network drives.
D. Click OK, then click OK again
Drive letter is assigned, but the media is not
accessible  The media needs reformatting. Right-click the drive in Explorer and choose Format  from the
resulting menu.
The media has been ejected during writing orerasing.Displays the error message, "Error copying file or folder."
Displays the error message, "Cannot write folder (folder name) or file (file
name)," during writing, or, "Cannot remove folder (folder name) or file(filename),". While erasing, you cannot write or erase in the same folder or file
name.
 Reinsert the media and write or erase again.
Format the media for writing or erasing the same folder or file name.
 
Despite the disappearance of the pop-up
window, the media has been ejected while theLED was blinking. 
 Although the pop-up window disappears during writing, if you eject your
media while the LED is still blinking, then you cannot complete your action onthe media.Format the media for writing or erasing the same folder or file name.
Cannot format or write on the media. Write protect switch is enabled. Verify that the  write- protect switch of the media is unlocked.
Card reader is not working USB interface is not working. Check that your monitor is powered On.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reconnect the upstream cable from your computer to the monitor.
Reinsert the media.
Switch Off and then turn On the monitor again.Reboot the computer. 
 
Back to Contents PageDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back to Contents Page
Appendix
Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor User's Guide
  Safety Instructions
  FCC Notice (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information
  Contacting Dell
WARNING: Safety Instructions
WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical
hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Product Information Guide .
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance website located at www.dell.com\regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
For customers in the United States, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
NOTE: If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be
available in your area.
To get online monitor support content: 
 1. Visit www.dell.com/support/monitors
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
1.Visit support.dell.com
2.Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region  drop-down menu at the bottom of the page.  
3.Click Contact Us  on the left side of the page.
4.Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
5.Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.
Back to Contents PageDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back to Contents Page
Setting Up Your Monitor
Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor User's Guide
Setting the display resolution
For maximum display performance with Microsoft® Windows® operating systems, set the display resolution to 1920 x 1200 (for U2413)  or 2560 x 1440
(for U2713H) pixels by performing the following steps:
In Windows Vista® , Windows® 7 or Windows® 8:
1. For Windows® 8 only, select the Desktop  tile to switch to classic desktop.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen resolution .
3. Click the Dropdown list of the Screen resolution and select 1920  x 1200  (for U2413) or 2560 x 1440  (for U2713H).
4. Click OK.
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update your graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best
describes the computer system you are using, and follow the given steps.
1: If you have a Dell™ desktop or a Dell™ portable computer with internet access.
2: If you have a non Dell™ desktop, portable computer, or graphics card.
Back to Contents PageDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back to Contents Page
Setting Up Your Monitor
Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor User's Guide
If you have a Dell™ desktop or a Dell™ portable computer with internet access
1. Go to http://support.dell.com  , enter  your service tag, and download the latest driver for your graphics card.
2. After installing the drivers for your Graphics Adapter, attempt to set the resolution to 1920 x 1200 (for U2413)  or 2560 x 1440 (for U2713H) again.
NOTE:  If you are unable to set the resolution to 1920 x 1200/2560 x 1440, please contact Dell™ to inquire about a Graphics Adapter that supports
these resolutions.  
Back to Contents PageDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Back to Contents Page
Setting Up Your Monitor
Dell™ U2413/U2713H Monitor User's Guide
If you have a non Dell™ desktop, portable computer, or graphics card
In Windows Vista® , Windows® 7 or Windows® 8:
1. For Windows® 8 only, select the Desktop  tile to switch to classic desktop.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
3. Click Change Display Settings .
4. Click Advanced Settings .
5. Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).
6. Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, http://www.ATI.com  OR http://www.NVIDIA.com  ).
7. After installing the drivers for your Graphics Adapter, attempt to set the resolution to  1920 x 1200 (for U2413)  or 2560 x 1440 (for U2713H) again.
NOTE:  If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics
adapter that will support the video resolution.
Back to Contents PageDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model: U2717D
Regulatory model: U2717DtDell UltraSharp U2717D
User’s GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of 
your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of data if 
instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal 
injury, or death.
Copyright © 2016 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.  This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. 
Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. 
All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2016 – 01   Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents
About Your Monitor  ..................................... 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Product Features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Identifying Parts and Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Plug-and-Play . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Setting Up the Monitor .................................. 22
Attaching the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . . . 26
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Organizing Your Cables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Removing the Monitor Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Wall Mounting (Optional) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Operating the Monitor .................................. 32
Turning on the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Troubleshooting  ....................................... 48
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
         Contents       |    3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4   |      Contents       Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 51
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) Specific Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
Appendix  .............................................. 54
Safety Instructions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory Information  . . . . . . . . 54
Contacting Dell  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  54
Setting Up Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Maintenance Guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    5About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have 
received all the components and contact Dell  if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Monitor 
Stand riser 
Stand base
                            
     Power cable (varies by country)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6    |       About Your Monitor
   USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables 
the USB ports on the monitor)
 
DP cable (mDP to DP)
•	Drivers and documentation media 
•	Quick Setup Guide
•	Safety and Regulatory Information
•	Factory Calibration Report 
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp  U2717D  monitor has an active matrix, thinfilm transistor (TFT), liquid 
crystal display (LCD), and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
•	68.47 cm (27-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) 2560 x 1440 
resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•	Wide viewing angles with 99% sRGB color.
•	Tilt, swivel, pivot and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
•	Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•	Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
set up with an elegant viewing experience.
•	Extensive digital connectivity with DP, mDP, HDMI (MHL), and USB 3.0 helps future-
proof your monitor.
•	Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•	On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
•	Software and documentation media includes an information file (INF), Image 
color Matching File (ICM), Dell Display Manager software application and product 
documentation. Dell Display Manager included (comes in the CD attached with the 
monitor).
•	Security lock slot.
•	Asset Management Capability.
•	Energy Star Compliant.
•	EPEAT Gold Compliant.
•	RoHS compliant.
•	BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding cables).
•	Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury Free for Panel only.
•	Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.
•	0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
•	TCO Certified Displays.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    7Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8    |       About Your Monitor
Back View            
                                                                     
Label Description Use
1 VESA mountiong holes (100 mm 
x 100 mm-behind attached VESA 
cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 
mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock 
(sold separately) .
5 Barcode, serial number, and Service 
Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact 
Dell for technical support.
6 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them 
through the slot.
Side View
USB downstream port
Port with 
  battery  icon is for BC 1.2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    9Bottom View
 
  
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
2 HDMI (MHL) connector Connect your computer with HDMI cable or MHL 
devices with MHL cable (optional).
3 DP connector (in) Connect your computer with DP cable.
4 mDP connector (in) Connect your computer with mDP to DP cable.
5 DP connector (out)
 DP output for MST (multi-stream transport) capable 
monitor. DP 1.1 monitor can only be connected as 
the last monitor in the MST chain. To enable MST, 
refer to instruction on section “ Connecting the 
Monitor for DP MST Function ”. 
NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when use DP out 
connector.
6 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming 
through HDMI or DP audio channels.
Only supports 2-channel audio.
NOTE: The audio line-out port does not support 
headphones.
WARNING: Excessive sound pressure from 
earphones or headphones can cause hearing 
damage or loss.
7 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that comes with your 
monitor to the computer. Once this cable is 
connected, you can use the USB downstream 
connectors on the monitor.
8 USB downstream ports (2) Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
connector after you have connected the USB cable 
to the computer and USB upstream connector on 
the monitor.
9 Stand lock Lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
screw (screw not included).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10    |       About Your Monitor
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel type In-plane switching (IPS)
Viewable image
  Diagonal 68.47 cm (27 inches)
    Active Area
      Horizontal 569.736  mm ( 22.43  inches)
      Vertical 335.664  mm  ( 13.21  inches)
  Area 191239.86  mm2 (296.30  inches2)
Pixel pitch 0.2331 mm x 0.2331 mm
Viewing angle
   Horizontal 178° (typical)
   Vertical 178° (typical)
Luminance output 350 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Anti-glare treatment of the front polarizer (3H)
Backlight LED 
Response Time 8 ms (typical), 6 ms (fast mode)
Color depth 16.7 million colors
Color gamut 99% sRGB
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 88 kHz (DP/HDMI)
27 kHz to 70 kHz (MHL)
Vertical scan range 50 Hz to 75 Hz (DP/HDMI)
24 Hz to 60 Hz (MHL)
Maximum preset resolution 2560 x 1440 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities 
(DP & HDMI & MHL playback)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, 1440pDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    11Preset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
800 x 600  37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
1600 x 1200   75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
2048 x 1080 66.58 60.0 147.16 +/-
2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
MHL Source Display Modes
Display Mode Frequency 
(Hz)
640 x 480p 60
720 x 480p 60
720 x 576p 50
720 (1440) x 480i 60
720 (1440) x 576i 50
1280 x 720p 60
1280 x 720p 50
1920 x 1080i 60
1920 x 1080i 50
1920 x 1080p 30
1920 x 1080p 60Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12    |       About Your Monitor
MST Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external monitor that can be 
supported
2560 x 1440/60 Hz
2560 x 1440/60 Hz 2
NOTE: Maximum external monitor resolution supported is 2560 x1440 60Hz only.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals •	Digital video signal for each differential line  
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance
•	DP/HDMI/MHL signal input support
Input voltage/ frequency/current 100-240 VAC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 1.7 A 
(maximum)
Inrush current 120 V: 40 A (Max.)
240 V: 80 A (Max.)
Physical Characteristics
Connector type •	DP connector (include DP in and DP out)
•	mDP connector
•	HDMI (MHL) connector
•	Audio line-out
•	USB 3.0 upstream port connector
•	USB 3.0 downstream port connector x 4
(Port with 
  battery  icon is for BC 1.2)
Signal cable type mDP to DP 1.8 M cable
USB 3.0 1.8 M cable
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 540.2 mm (21.27 inches)
Height (compressed) 410.2 mm (16.15 inches)
Width 611.3 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 355.6 mm (14.00 inches)
Width 611.3 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 48.3 mm (1.90 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 433.4 mm (17.06 inches)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    13Height (compressed) 387.2mm (15.24 inches)
Width 292.4 mm (11.51 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 9.9 kg (21.83 lb)
Weight with stand assembly 
and cables7.3 kg (16.09 lb)
Weight without stand assembly 
(For wall mount or VESA mount 
considerations - no cables)4.5 kg (9.9 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.5 kg (5.51 lb)
Environmental Characteristics
Temperature
 Operating 0°C to 40°C (32°F to 104°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
 Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation 252.5 BTU/hour (maximum)
88.7 BTU/hour (typical)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14    |       About Your Monitor
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA’s DPM-compliant video card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is 
referred to as power save mode*. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 74 W (maximum)**  
26 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Off White
(blinking slowly)Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Energy Star Power Consumption
On Mode 23.7 W***
The OSD operates only in the normal operation mode. If you press any button in the 
active-off mode, one of the following message is displayed:   
*Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting 
the AC mains cable from the monitor.
**Maximum power consumption with maximum luminance.
*** Energy consumption (On Mode) is tested at 230 Volts / 50 Hz. 
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your product 
may perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you 
ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. Accordingly, the 
customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions about electrical 
tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or 
implied.
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR -compliant. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    15Pin Assignments
DP connector (in)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(u)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH (p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16    |       About Your Monitor
DP connector (out)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH(p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH(n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    17mDP connector
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3 (n)
4 CONFIG1
5 ML3 (p)
6 CONFIG2
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2 (n)
10 ML0 (p)
11 ML2 (p)
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1 (n)
16 AUX (p)
17 ML1 (p)
18 AUX (n)
19 GND
20 DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18    |       About Your Monitor
HDMI connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECTDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    19MHL connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 N/C
2 CD_SENSE
3 N/C
4 N/C
5 TMDS_GND
6 N/C
7 MHL+
8 MHL_Shield
9 MHL-
10 N/C
11 TMDS_GND
12 N/C
13 N/C
14 N/C
15 CD_PULLUP
16 N/C
17 VBUS_CBUS_GND
18 VBUS
19 CBUS
2Shell ShieldDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20    |       About Your Monitor
Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
 NOTE:  Up to 2 A on USB downstream port (port 
  with battery  icon) with BC 
1.2 compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 3 USB downstream ports.
Your computer has the following USB ports:
•	1 upstream - bottom  
•	4 downstream - 2 at left side, 2 at bottom  
Power Charging Port - the one on the left side (Port with 
  battery  icon); 
supports fast current charging capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in the power 
save mode. If you turn off the monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals 
may take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption
SuperSpeed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
USB upstream port
 USB downstream port
Pin number Signal name Pin number Signal name
1 VBUS 1 VBUS
2 D- 2 D-
3 D+ 3 D+
4 GND 4 GND
5 StdB_SSTX- 5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdB_SSTX+ 6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN 7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdB_SSRX- 8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdB_SSRX+ 9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield Shell ShieldDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    21Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data 
(EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usability. For more information on LCD Monitor Pixel Policy, see 
Dell support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Attaching the Stand
    NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is shipped
         from the factory.
    NOTE:  The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased
         any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
    CAUTION: Place monitor of a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching the
           display panel. 
    
    To attach the monitor stand:
								•	Remove	the	monitor	protective	cover	and	place	the	moitor	with	its	front	facing					
           downward on it.
								•		Insert	the	two	tabs	on	the	upper	part	of	the	stand	to	the	groove	on	the	back	of	
            the monitor.
								•	Press	the	stand	down	till	it	snaps	into	its	place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    23
•	Align the stand base protruded blocks to the matching slot on the stand. 
•	Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot. 	•	Hold the stand base with the triangle 
   mark ▲ facing upward.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24    |       Setting Up the Monitor
	•	Lift the screw handle and turn the 
    screw clockwise.
 •	After fully tighten the screw, fold the 
   screw handle flat within the recess.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    25Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
   NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. If you purchased any other
        stand, refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
                          
  NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended and fully 
tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
  NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included with 
this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to  www.dell.com/support  and see 
the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26    |       Setting Up the Monitor
  NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
 NOTE:  If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2   Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3   If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.
   4   If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.
   5   If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 
 NOTE:  If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card. 
Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions . 
    To connect your monitor to the computer:
         1    Turn off your computer.
         2    Connect the HDMI/m DP-DP /USB cable from your monitor to 
               the computer. (Vertically extend and  tilt the monitor completely to rotate it for  
               cable connection. See Rotating the Monitor .)
         3    Switch on your monitor. 
         4   Select the correct input source at Monitor OSD Menu and turn on your
               computer.           
  NOTE:  U2717D  default setting is DP 1.2. DP 1.1 Graphic card may not display 
       normally. Please refer to “ product specific problems – No image when using DP 
       connection to the PC ” to change default setting.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    27Connecting the HDMI cable(Optional)
Connecting the DP (or mDP) cable 
 NOTE: Default is DP port. Select input source on monitor to switch to mDP.
Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
   NOTE:  Supports the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your PC    Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28    |       Setting Up the Monitor
        Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
   NOTE:  Remove the rubber plug when use DP out connector.
Connecting the USB cable 
Using the Mobile-High Definition Link (MHL) 
   NOTE: This monitor is MHL ready.
   NOTE: To use the MHL function, use only MHL certified cable and source devices
        that support MHL output.
   NOTE: Some MHL source devices may take more than a few seconds or longer to
        output an image, depending on MHL source devices.
   NOTE:  When the connected MHL source device enters standby mode, the monitor
        displays a black screen or the message below, depending on MHL source device’s
        output.
                     
    To enable MHL connection, please perform the below steps:
         1    Plug the power cable on your monitor into a AC outlet.
         2    Connect the (micro) USB port on your MHL source device to HDMI (MHL) port 
               on the monitor with a MHL certified cable (see Bottom View  for details).
         3   Turn on the monitor and the MHL source device.  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    29
       
         
         4    Select input source on monitor to HDMI (MHL) by using OSD menu (see Using
                the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  for details).
         5    If the monitor does not display an image, see Mobile High-Definition Link 
                (MHL) Specific Problems .
Organizing Your Cables 
  
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connecting 
Your Monitor  for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the 
stand,  make sure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you 
purchased any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to 
set it up.
To remove the stand:
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
    2    Press and hold the stand-release button. 
    3    Lift the stand up and away from the monitor. 
 
   Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    31Wall Mounting (Optional)
  
                         
                 
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
    2    Remove the stand.
    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the   
          plastic cover.
    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
           wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 4.5 kg (9.9 lb).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32    |       Operating the Monitor
Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the  
 button to turn on the monitor. 
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows 
the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    33The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front- Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
3
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen 
display (OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System .
4
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit 
the OSD main menu.
5
Power (with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and 
Off.
The white LED indicates the monitor is On and fully 
functional.
A glowing white LED indicates DPMS Power Save 
Mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34    |       Operating the Monitor
Front- Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
 
Front Panel Button Description
1      
           
   
 
        Up             DownUse the Up (increase) and Down  (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    35Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted. 
  3   Press the 
  or 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
  6   Select the 
  to return to previous menu or 
  to accept and return to previous 
menu. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when 
Dynamic Contrast  is switched on.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  only if 
further adjustment is necessary. 
Press the 
   button to increase contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease contrast (between 0 and 100).
Contrast adjusts the difference between darkness and 
lightness on the monitor.
Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between different 
video inputs that are be connected to your monitor. 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    37Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DP Select DP input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort) 
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP input source.
mDP Select mDP input when you are using the 
mDP (mini DisplayPort)  connector. 
Use 
  to select the mDP input source.
HDMI/MHL Select the HDMI/MHL  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI/MHL  input source.
Auto Select Use 
  to select Auto Select , the monitor scans for available 
input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory 
defaults.
Color Use the Color  menu to adjust the color setting mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard, 
Multimedia, Movie, Game, Paper, Color Temp., sRGB or 
Custom Color  from the list.
•	Standard:  Default color settings. This is the default preset 
mode. 
•	Multimedia:  Ideal for multimedia applications.
•	Movie:  Ideal for movies.
•	Game:  Ideal for most gaming applications.
•	Paper:  Loads brightness and sharpness settings ideal for 
viewing text. Blend the text background to simulate paper 
media without affecting color images. 
•	Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow 
tint with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with 
slider set at 10,000K.
•	sRGB: Emulates 99% sRGB.
•	Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color 
settings. Press the  
 and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, 
Green, and Blue values and create your own preset color 
mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    39Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
•	RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the HDMI, mDP-DP cable or 
MHL devices using the MHL cable.
•	YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only 
YPbPr output.
   Gamma Allows you to set the Gamma to PC or MAC .
   HueUser 
   or 
  to adjust the hue from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only for Movie and Game 
mode. 
  SaturationUser 
   or 
  to adjust the saturation from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
NOTE: Saturation adjustment is available only for Movie and 
Game mode. 
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Display  Use the Display  menu to adjust image. 
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9, 4:3, or 5:4.
Monitor 
SleepSleep After Timeout : Monitor goes into sleep after timeout.
Never : Monitor never goes into sleep.
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of contrast to provide sharper 
and more detailed image quality.
Push the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  “On”
or “Off”.
NOTE: For Game  and Movie  preset mode only.
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you 
select Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response 
TimeAllows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
MST DP Multi Stream Transport,  Set to ON enables MST(DP out), 
Set to OFF disables MST function. 
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    41Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Energy 
Power 
Button LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor 
standby mode.
NOTE:  USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available 
when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will 
be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset Energy Select this option to restore default Energy  settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
  Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, 
the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu 
remains on screen, and so on.
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, 
Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 0/90/180/270 degrees.
You can adjust the menu according to your display rotation.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
 and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer  OSD Hold Time:  Sets the length of time the OSD remains 
active after you press a button.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock is selected, 
no user adjustments are allowed. All buttons are locked.
NOTE: 
Lock  function – Either soft lock (through OSD menu) or hard 
lock (Press and hold the exit button 6 sec)  
Unlock  function – Only hard unlock (Press and hold the exit 
button 6 sec)
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    43Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
  Personalize Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input Source, 
Aspect Ratio, Rotation set as shortcut key.
Reset
Persona-
lizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Other
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such as the 
DDC/CI , LCD conditioning , and so on.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows 
you to adjust the monitor settings using software on your 
computer.
Select Disable to turn off this feature.
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    45Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on 
the degree of image retention, the program may take some 
time to run. Select Enable to start the process. 
Reset Others Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI , to factory defaults.
Factory Reset Restores all OSD settings to the factory defaults.
   NOTE: This monitor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness
         to compensate for LED aging.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46    |       Operating the Monitor
OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
  
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the 
following message:
  
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 2560 x 1440.
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
 
When the monitor enters the  Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
  
   Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    47Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
If either DP, mDP, HDMI/MHL input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 
                             
                                                                      
 or
 
                             
                                                                     
or
                            
See Troubleshooting  for more information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48    |       Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                      
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
        Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.
   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, 
the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the 
dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 
or
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting        |    49or
 4    This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50    |       Troubleshooting
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
  NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
 
To run the built-in diagnostics:
   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
         then goes into the self-test mode.
   3    Press and hold Button 1  and Button 4  on the front panel simultaneously for 2
         seconds. A gray screen appears.
   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
   5    Press Button 4  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text 
         screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 4  again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting        |    51Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected 
and secure.
•	Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
•	Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no 
brightness•	Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•	Cycle	power	on-off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect	
   that canoccur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
  and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  
   http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots•	Cycle	power	On-Off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect		
   that canoccur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
   and PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at:  
   http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•	Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks•	Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•	Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on 
& off•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
•	Reset	the	monitor	to	factory	settings.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in 
self-test mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52    |       Troubleshooting
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Missing Color Picture missing 
color•	Perform monitor self-test.
•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good•	Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the 
Color  menu OSD depending on the application.
•	Adjust R/G/B value under Custom. Color  in Color  
menu OSD.
•	Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or 
YPbPr in the Color  menu OSD.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen•	Use the Power Management  feature to turn off 
the monitor at all times when not in use (for more 
information, see Power Management Modes ).
•	Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but does 
not fill entire 
viewing area•	Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the Display  
menu OSD.
•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust 
the monitor 
with the buttons 
on the front 
panelOSD does not 
appear on the 
screen•	Turn off the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable, plug it back, and then turn on the monitor.
•	Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If yes, 
press and hold the button beside the power 
button for 6 seconds to unlock (for more 
information, see Lock ).
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, 
the LED light is 
white•	Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the 
mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•	Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
•	Reset the computer or video player.
The picture 
does not fill the 
entire screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•	Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting        |    53Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No image 
when using DP 
connection to 
the PCBlack screen •	Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.2) is 
your Graphics Card certified to. Download and 
install the latest graphics card driver.
•	Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
  DP 1.2 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input 
  Source selection, press and hold DP select 
  
  key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting from 
  DP 1.2 to DP 1.1a. 
Mobile High-Definition Link (MHL) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
MHL interface is 
not workingCannot see 
MHL device 
image shown 
on the monitor•	Ensure your MHL cable and MHL device are MHL 
certified.
•	Check your MHL device is turned on. 
•	Check your MHL device is not in standby mode.
•	Check physical MHL cable connection is 
corresponding to input source selected on OSD 
Menu: HDMI (MHL).
•	Wait for 30 seconds after connecting MHL cable 
as some MHL devices require longer recovery 
time. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54    |       Appendix
Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as 
the bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
         hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at  www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
  NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
        information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See  www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
   1    Go to  www.dell.com/support .
   2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu
         at the top-left corner of the page.
   3    Click Contact Us  next to the country dropdown.
   4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
   5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Appendix        |    55Setting Up Your Monitor
Setting Display Resolution to 2560 x 1440  (maximum)
For best performance, set the display resolution to 2560 x 1440 pixels by performing the 
following steps:
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic
        desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
   3   Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 2560 x 1440.
   4   Click OK.
In Windows 10 :
    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 2560 x 1440 .
   4   Click Apply .
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update 
your graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the 
computer system you are using, and follow the given steps.
Dell computer
   1   Go to www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the latest 
        driver for your graphics card.
   2   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to
       2560 x 1440 again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the resolution to 2560 x 1440, please contact Dell 
       to inquire about a graphics adapter that supports these resolutions.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56    |       Appendix
Non-Dell computer
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch 
        to classic desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
   3   Click Change Display Settings .
   4   Click Advanced Settings .
   5   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).
   6   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http://www.ATI.com   or  http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
   7   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 2560 x 1440  again.
In Windows 10 :
    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click Display adapter properties.
   4   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, ATI, Intel etc.).
   5   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http://www.ATI.com   or  http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
   6   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 2560 x 1440  again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the 
       manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics adapter that 
supports the video resolution.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Appendix        |    57Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from
           the electrical outlet.
 
    CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
•	To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static 
coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed 
air.
•	Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of 
any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
•	If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
•	Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and 
show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
•	To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model: UP3017A
Regulatory model: UP3017tDell UltraSharp UP3017A
User’s GuideNOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of 
your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of data if 
instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal 
injury, or death.
Copyright © 2020 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.  This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. 
Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. 
All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2020 – 11   Rev. A00Contents
Safety Instructions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
About Your Monitor  ..................................... 6
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Identifying Parts and Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Monitor Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
Plug-and-Play . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Ergonomics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Handling and moving your display  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Maintenance guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Setting Up the Monitor .................................. 27
Attaching the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . 31
Connecting Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Organizing Your Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Removing the Monitor Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Wall Mounting (Optional) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
         Contents       |    34   |      Contents        Operating the Monitor .................................. 37
Turning on the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 40
Troubleshooting  ....................................... 59
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Common Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 63
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64
Appendix  .............................................. 65
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory Information  . . . . . . 65
Contacting Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
EU product database for energy label and product information 
sheet  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65         |    5Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as 
the bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
         hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).6    |       About Your Monitor
About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have 
received all the components and contact Dell  if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Monitor
Stand riser 
Stand base
Power cable (varies by country)
USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables the USB 
ports on the monitor)
DP cable (DP to mDP) About Your Monitor        |    7
PremierColor
UP3017 Color Calibration Factor y Repor t
Every De ll UP3017 is shipped incorporating pre-tu ned
sRGB an d AdobeRGB wi th average Delt aE<2.  Co lor
and Luminance Uniformity is adjusted acro ss the screen
to me et Delt aE<2 an d 97-102% res pectively.  This helps
prevent sign ificant color inconsistenc y or inaccu racy.  In
addition, a tighter grey -scale tracki ng helps enable ultra-
smooth color gradati on.
Be assured of Accurate, Precise and Consistent
Onscreen Color with ever y Dell Ultrasharp UP3017.Serial No .
Tester
Test
Equipmen tCN0NGD827444555I066 L
1
CA-310/CA-210
CA-2000 S
Chroma  2326/2235/223 3
sRGB Avg. Delta E < 2A dobe RGB Avg. Delta E < 2
Grey-Scale Trackin gG amma
Brightness Uniformity (x,y, Y) Ref to CenterC olor Uniformity Delta E (L*a*b*) Ref to Center
1234 5
100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
6789 10
100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
11 12 13 14 15
100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
16 17 18 19 20
100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
21 22 23 24 25
100% 100% 100% 100% 100%1234 5
0.05 0.10 0.060 .050 .14
6789 10
0.10 0.05 0.020 .050 .09
11 12 13 14 15
0.08 0.04 0.000 .020 .07
16 17 18 19 20
0.12 0.10 0.220 .160 .10
21 22 23 24 25
0.07 0.13 0.020 .030 .13• Quick Setup Guide
• Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information
• Factory Calibration Report 
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp  UP3017A  monitor has an active matrix, thinfilm transistor (TFT), 
liquid crystal display (LCD), and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
• 75.62 cm (30-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) 2560 x 1600 (16:10 
aspect ratio) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Tilt, swivel, pivot and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
• Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Extensive digital connectivity with DP, mDP, HDMI, and USB 3.0 helps future-proof 
your monitor.
• Supports major color space standards for Adobe RGB, sRGB, REC709 and DCI-P3.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
• Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen and ComfortView feature which 
minimizes blue light emission.
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
• Supports DP 1.2 MST (also known as DP Daisy Chain) for multiple monitor setup.
• Security lock slot.
• Supports Asset Management Capability.
• Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury-Free for Panel only.
• Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.
• ≤ 0.3 W in Standby Mode.8    |       About Your Monitor
Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
1 2
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)
Solid white light indicates the monitor is turned on and functioning normally. 
Blinking white light indicates the monitor is in Standby Mode. About Your Monitor        |    9
Back View
7 6
1
2
3
54
ᒦਪஂถཱྀ
ᑺ
EnergyConservationCertification
                                                                                  
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes (100 mm x 
100 mm-behind attached VESA 
cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 
mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock 
(sold separately) .
5 Barcode, serial number, and Service 
Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact 
Dell for technical support.
6 Dell soundbar mounting slots Attaches the optional Dell soundbar. 
NOTE:  Please remove the plastic strip 
covering the mounting slots before affixing 
the Dell Soundbar. 
Dell soundbar is sold separately.     
7 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them 
through the slot.10    |       About Your Monitor
Side View
Bottom View
 
12 345678910
  
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
2 HDMI 1 connectorConnect your computer with HDMI cable (optional).3 HDMI 2 connector
4 DP connector (in) Connect your computer with DP cable.
5 mDP connector (in) Connect your computer with DP to mDP cable.
6 DP connector (out) DP output for MST (multi-stream transport) capable 
monitor. DP 1.1 monitor can only be connected as the 
last monitor in the MST chain. To enable MST, refer to 
instruction on section “ Connecting the Monitor for DP 
MST Function ”. 
NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when useing the DP 
out connector.USB downstream port
Port with  battery icon supports BC 1.2.
 About Your Monitor        |    11
7 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming through 
HDMI or DP audio channels.
Only supports 2-channel audio.
NOTE:  The audio line-out port does not support 
headphones.
WARNING: Excessive sound pressure from
earphones or headphones can cause hearing
damage or loss.
8 USB upstream ports Connect the USB cable that comes with your monitor 
to the computer. Once this cable is connected, you 
can use the USB downstream connectors on the 
monitor.
9 USB downstream ports Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
connector after you have connected the USB cable 
to the computer and USB upstream connector on the 
monitor. Port with  battery icon supports BC 1.2.
10 Stand lock Lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
screw (screw not included).
Monitor Specifications
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel type In-plane switching Technology
Aspect ratio 16:10
Viewable image dimensions
Diagonal 75.62 cm (30 inches)
Active Area
Horizontal 641.3  mm ( 25.2 inches)
Vertical 400.8  mm ( 15.8 inches)
Area 257025.0  mm2 (398.2  inches2)
Pixel pitch 0.251  mm x 0.251  mm
Pixel per inch (PPI) 101
Viewing angle
Horizontal 178° (typical)
Vertical 178° (typical)
Brightness 350 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
Display screen coating Anti-glare treatment of the front polarizer (3H) hard coating
Backlight White LED, EDGELIGHT system12    |       About Your Monitor
Response Time (Gray to 
Gray)6 ms (FAST mode)
8 ms (NORMAL mode)
Color depth 1.07 Billion colors
Color gamut * 99% Adobe RGB
99% sRGB
99% REC 709
99% DCI-P3
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average)
Connectivity • 1 x DP 1.2 (HDCP 1.4)
• 1 x mDP 1.2 (HDCP 1.4)
• 1 x DP 1.2 (out) with MST (HDCP 1.4)
• 2 x HDMI 1.4 (HDCP 1.4)
• 2 x USB 3.0 downstream port
• 2 x USB 3.0 with BC1.2 charging capability at 2A (max)
• 2 x USB 3.0 upstream port
• 1 x Analog 2.0 audio line out (3.5mm jack)
Border width (edge of 
monitor to active area)22.71 mm (Top/Left/Right)
23.48 mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand 150 mm
Tilt -5° to 21°
Swivel -30° to 30°
Pivot -90° to 90°
Cable management Yes
Dell Display Manager 
(DDM) CompatibilityEasy Arrange and other key features
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately) Anti-theft 
stand lock slot (to panel)
 NOTE *: at panel native only, under Custom Mode preset.
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 113 kHz (DP/HDMI)
Vertical scan range 50 Hz to 86 Hz (DP/HDMI)
Maximum preset resolution 2560 x 1600 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities 
(DP & HDMI playback)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, QHD About Your Monitor        |    13
Preset Display Modes
Display ModeHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency (Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600  37.9 60.0 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200   75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1200 74.04 59.95 154.0 +/-
VESA, 2048 x 1080 26.27 24 58.22 +/-
VESA, 2048 x 1280 - R 78.918 59.922 174.25 +/-
VESA, 2560 x 1600 98.71 59.97 268.5 +/-14    |       About Your Monitor
MST Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external Monitors that can be supported
2560 x 1600/60 Hz 1920 x 1200/60 Hz
2560 x 1600/60 Hz 1 2
NOTE: Maximum external monitor resolution supported is 2560  x 1600  60Hz only.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals • Digital video signal for each differential line.  
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance. 
• DP/HDMI signal input support
Input voltage/ frequency/
current100-240 VAC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 1.6 A (maximum)
Inrush current 120 V: 30 A (Max.)
240 V: 60 A (Max.)
Power Consumption 0.2 W (Off Mode)1
0.3 W (Standby Mode)1
35.8 W (On Mode)1
108 W (Max)2
38.4 W (Pon)3
120.0 kWh (TEC)3
1 As defined in EU 2019/2021 and EU 2019/2013.
2 Max brightness and contrast setting with maximum power loading on all USB ports.
3 Pon: Power consumption of On Mode measured with reference to Energy Star test 
method.
  TEC: Total energy consumption in kWh measured with reference to Energy Star test 
method.
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your product 
may perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you 
ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. Accordingly, the 
customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions about electrical 
tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or 
implied. About Your Monitor        |    15
Physical Characteristics
Connector type • DP (HDCP 1.4) connector (include DP in and DP 
out)
• mDP (HDCP 1.4) connector
• HDMI (HDCP 1.4) connector
• Audio line-out
• USB 3.0 connector
(Port with  battery icon  supports  BC 1.2)
Signal cable type (in-box) DP to mDP, 1.8 M cable
USB 3.0, 1.8 M cable
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 632.3 mm (24.89 inches)
Height (compressed) 482.3 mm (18.99 inches)
Width 686.9 mm (27.04 inches)
Depth 217.0 mm (8.54 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 447.1 mm (17.60 inches)
Width 686.9 mm (27.04 inches)
Depth 58.0 mm (2.28 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 478.2 mm (18.83 inches)
Height (compressed) 430.5 mm (16.95 inches)
Width 343.5 mm (13.52 inches)
Depth 217.0 mm (8.54 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 13.10  kg (28.88  lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cables9.59 kg (21.14  lb)
Weight without stand assembly 
(For wall mount or VESA mount 
considerations - no cables)6.49 kg (14.31  lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.81 kg (6.19 lb)
Front frame gloss 2~4 GU16    |       About Your Monitor
Environmental Characteristics
Compliant Standards
TCO Certified Display yes
RoHS Compliant yes
BFR/PVC Free monitor 
(excluding cables)yes
Temperature
 Operating 0°C to 35°C (32°F to 95°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
 Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation 368.51 BTU/hour (maximum)
122.24 BTU/hour ( On Mode ) About Your Monitor        |    17
Pin Assignments
DP connector (in)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(u)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH (p)
16 DP_Cable Detect
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 GND
20 +3.3V DP_PWR18    |       About Your Monitor
DP connector (out)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH(p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH(n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 GND
20 DP_PWR About Your Monitor        |    19
mDP connector
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3 (n)
4 CONFIG1
5 ML3 (p)
6 CONFIG2
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2 (n)
10 ML0 (p)
11 ML2 (p)
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 DP_Cable Detect
15 ML1 (n)
16 AUX (p)
17 ML1 (p)
18 AUX (n)
19 GND
20 +3.3V DP_PWR20    |       About Your Monitor
HDMI connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT About Your Monitor        |    21
Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
 NOTE:  Up to 2 A on USB downstream port (port with   battery  icon) with BC 
1.2 compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 2 USB downstream ports.
Your computer has the following USB ports:
• 2 upstream - bottom  
• 4 downstream - 2 at left side, 2 at bottom  
Power Charging Port - the ports with  battery  icon supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in the standby 
mode. If you turn off the monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals may 
take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption
SuperSpeed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)22    |       About Your Monitor
USB upstream port
 USB downstream port
Pin number Signal name Pin number Signal name
1 VBUS 1 VBUS
2 D- 2 D-
3 D+ 3 D+
4 GND 4 GND
5 StdB_SSTX- 5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdB_SSTX+ 6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN 7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdB_SSRX- 8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdB_SSRX+ 9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield Shell Shield
Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data 
(EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usability. For more information on LCD Monitor Pixel Policy, see 
Dell support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors . About Your Monitor        |    23
Ergonomics
 CAUTION: Improper or prolonged usage of keyboard may result in injury.
 CAUTION: Viewing the monitor screen for extended periods of time may result in 
eye strain.
For comfort and efficiency, observe the following guidelines when setting up and using 
your computer workstation: 
• Position your computer so that the monitor and keyboard are directly in front of 
you as you work. Special shelves are commercially available to help you correctly 
position your keyboard. 
• To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/shoulder pain from using the 
monitor for long periods of time, we suggest you to:
1. Set the screen about 20 to 28 in. (50-70 cm) from your eyes.
2. Blink frequently to moisten or rewet your eyes when working with the monitor.
3. Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes every two hours.
4. Look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant object at 20 feet away for at 
least 20 seconds during the breaks.
5. Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck/arm/back/shoulders during the 
breaks.
• Make sure that the monitor screen is at eye level or slightly lower when you are 
sitting in front of the monitor.
• Adjust the tilt of the monitor, its contrast, and brightness settings.
• Adjust the ambient lighting around you (such as overhead lights, desk lamps, and 
the curtains or blinds on nearby windows) to minimize reflections and glare on the 
monitor screen.
• Use a chair that provides good lower-back support.
• Keep your forearms horizontal with your wrists in a neutral, comfortable position 
while using the keyboard or mouse.
• Always leave space to rest your hands while using the keyboard or mouse.
• Let your upper arms rest naturally on both sides.
• Ensure that your feet are resting flat on the floor.
• When sitting, make sure that the weight of your legs is on your feet and not on the 
front portion of your seat. Adjust your chair’s height or use a footrest if necessary to 
maintain a proper posture.
• Vary your work activities. Try to organize your work so that you do not have to sit 
and work for extended periods of time. Try to stand or get up and walk around at 
regular intervals.24    |       About Your Monitor
• Keep the area under your desk clear of obstructions and cables or power cords that 
may interfere with comfortable seating or present a potential trip hazard.
monit or screen at or 
below eye level
mon itor and 
keyboar d 
positioned 
directly in front 
of the use r
feet /f_lat on the 
/f_loorwrists relaxed 
and /f_l at About Your Monitor        |    25
Handling and moving your display
To ensure the monitor is handled safely when lifting or moving it, follow the guidelines 
mentioned below:
• Before moving or lifting the monitor, turn off your computer and the monitor.
• Disconnect all cables from the monitor.
• Place the monitor in the original box with the original packing materials.
• Hold the bottom edge and the side of the monitor firmly without applying 
excessive pressure when lifting or moving the monitor.
• When lifting or moving the monitor, ensure the screen is facing away from you and 
do not press on the display area to avoid any scratches or damage.
• When transporting the monitor, avoid any sudden shock or vibration to it.26    |       About Your Monitor
• When lifting or moving the monitor, do not turn the monitor upside down while 
holding the stand base or stand riser. This may result in accidental damage to the 
monitor or cause personal injury.
Maintenance guidelines
Cleaning your monitor
 WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from 
the electrical outlet.
 
 CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
• To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static 
coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed 
air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of 
any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
• If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and 
show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use. Setting Up the Monitor        |    27
Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Attaching the Stand
    NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is shipped
         from the factory.
    NOTE:  The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased
         any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
    CAUTION: Place monitor on a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching the
           display panel. 
  
3
2
    
To attach the monitor stand:
1  Remove the monitor protective cover and place the monitor with its front facing  
downward on it.
2  Insert the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of the 
monitor.
3  Press the stand down till it snaps into its place.28    |       Setting Up the Monitor
• Align the stand base protruded blocks to the matching slot on the stand. 
• Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.  • Hold the stand base with the triangle 
   mark  facing upward. Setting Up the Monitor        |    29
 • Lift the screw handle and turn the 
    screw clockwise.
 • After fully tightening the screw, fold the 
   screw handle flat within the recess.30    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
  NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. If you purchased any other
        stand, refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
                          
5°
30°30°150 mm
21°
  NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended and fully 
tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
2190° 90°
 Setting Up the Monitor        |    31
 NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included with 
this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to  www.dell.com/support  and see 
the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates. 
 NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
 NOTE:  If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2   Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3   If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.
   4   If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.
   5   If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
  NOTE:  If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card. 
Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions . 
    To connect your monitor to the computer:
         1    Turn off your computer.
         2    Connect the DP-mDP/HDMI/USB cable from your monitor to 
               the computer. (Vertically extend and  tilt the monitor completely to rotate it for  
               cable connection. See Rotating the Monitor .)
         3    Switch on your monitor. 
         4   Select the correct input source at Monitor OSD Menu and turn on your
               computer.           32    |       Setting Up the Monitor
    NOTE:  UP3017A default setting is DP 1.2. A DP 1.1 Graphic card may not display 
          normally. Please refer to “ product specific problems – No image when using DP 
          connection to the PC ” to change default setting.
Single monitor connection
Connecting the DP (or mDP) cable 
DPmDP
    NOTE: Default is DP port. Select input source on monitor to switch to mDP.
Connecting the HDMI cable (Optional)
HDMI HDMI
Connecting the USB cable 
After you have completed connecting the DP-mDP cables, follow the procedure below 
to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and complete your monitor setup:
1 a. Connect one computer:
       Connect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port 
on your computer.
        b. Connect two computers:
      Connect the upstream USB 3.0 ports to appropriate USB 3.0 ports on the two 
computers. Then use the OSD menu to select between the two USB upstream 
sources and input sources. See USB Select Switch . Setting Up the Monitor        |    33
 NOTE: When connecting two computers to the monitor, the monitor’s USB 
downstream ports for the keyboard and mouse can be assigned to different input 
signals from the two computers by changing the USB Selection  setting from the 
OSD menu. (See  USB Selection  for details)
2 Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the downstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3 Plug the power cables for your computer and monitor into nearby outlet.
USBUSB
a. Connect one computer
USB
USB
b. Connect two computers
4 Turn On the monitor and the computer.  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display an 
image, see Troubleshooting .34    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Multiple monitor connections
Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
DP
DP out
mDP
mDP
   NOTE:  Supports the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your PC   
Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
   NOTE:  Remove the rubber plug when useing the DP out connector.
Organizing Your Cables 
  
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connecting 
Your Monitor  for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above. Setting Up the Monitor        |    35
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the 
stand,  make sure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you 
purchased any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to 
set it up.
To remove the stand:
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
    2    Press and hold the stand-release button. 
    3    Lift the stand up and away from the monitor. 
 
23
   36    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Wall Mounting (Optional)
  
ᒦਪஂถཱྀ
ᑺ
Energy
ConservationCertification                         
                 
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
    2    Remove the stand.
    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the   
          plastic cover.
    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
           wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 6.49 kg (14.31 lb). Operating the Monitor        |    37
Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the  
 button to turn on the monitor. 
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows 
the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
654321  38    |       Operating the Monitor
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front- Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key: 
 Brightness/ContrastUse this button to directly access the “Brightness/
Contrast” menu.
3
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
4
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen display 
(OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System .
5
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit 
the OSD main menu.
6
Power button 
(with power-status light)To turn the monitor on or off. 
Solid white light indicates the monitor is turned 
on and functioning normally. Blinking white light 
indicates the monitor is in Standby Mode. Operating the Monitor        |    39
Front- Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
 
2 3 1
Front Panel Button Description
1      
           
   
 
        Up             DownUse the Up (increase) and Down  (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.40    |       Operating the Monitor
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeInput Source
Color
Display
EnergyPIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
Menu75% 75%EnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted. 
  3   Press the 
  or 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
  6   Select the 
  to return to previous menu or 
  to accept and return to previous 
       menu. Operating the Monitor        |    41
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeInput Source
Color
Display
EnergyPIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
Menu75% 75%EnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when 
Dynamic Contrast  is switched on.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  only if 
further adjustment is necessary. 
Press the 
   button to increase contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease contrast (between 0 and 100).
Contrast adjusts the difference between darkness and 
lightness on the monitor.
  
 Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between different 
video inputs that are be connected to your monitor. 
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeColormDP
DisplayHDMI1
EnergyDP
HDMI2
Auto select On
Reset Input SourcePIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
MenuInput SourceEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution:2 560x1600,6 0Hz
  42    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DP Select DP input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort) 
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP input source.
mDP Select mDP input when you are using the 
mDP (mini DisplayPort)  connector. 
Use 
  to select the mDP input source.
HDMI 1 Select the HDMI 1  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI 1 input source.
HDMI 2 Select the HDMI 2  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI 2 input source.
Auto Select Use 
  to select Auto Select , the monitor scans for 
available input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory 
defaults.
Color Use the Color  menu to adjust the color setting mode.
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeInput Color Format
DisplayGamma
EnergyPreset Modes Standard 
RGB
2.2
Reset Color 
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
MenuInput Source
ColorEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz Operating the Monitor        |    43
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Mode When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard, 
ComfortView, Multimedia, Movie, Game,Color Temp.,  
Color Space, or Custom Color  from the list.
Standard
Multimedia
Movie
GameComfortView
Color Temp.
Color Space
Custom Color
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeInput Color Format
DisplayGamma
EnergyPreset Modes
Reset Color 
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
MenuInput Source
ColorEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
• Standard:  Default color settings. This is the default preset 
mode. 
• ComfortView: Decreases the level of blue light emitted 
from the screen to make viewing more comfortable for 
your eyes.
• Multimedia:  Ideal for multimedia applications.
• Movie:  Ideal for movies.
• Game:  Ideal for most gaming applications.
• Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow 
tint with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with 
slider set at 10,000K.44    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
• Color Space:  Allows users to select the color space: Adobe 
RGB , sRGB , REC709, DCI-P3,  CAL1 , CAL2 .
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeInput Color Format
DisplayGamma
EnergyPreset Modes Adobe RGB 
sRGB
REC709
DCI-P3
CAL1
CAL2YYYY-MM-DD
YYYY-MM-DDReset Color 
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
MenuInput Source
ColorEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution:2 560x1600,6 0Hz
 –Adobe RGB:  This mode is compatible with Adobe 
RGB (99% coverage). 
 –sRGB:  Emulates 99% sRGB.
 –REC709:  This mode matches 99% REC709 standard. 
 –DCI-P3:  This mode reproduces 99% of DCI-P3 digital 
cinema color standard.
 –CAL1/CAL2:  User calibrated preset mode using Dell 
Ultrasharp Color Calibration Software or other Dell 
approved software. Dell Ultrasharp Color Calibration 
Software works with the X-rite colorimeter i1Display 
Pro. The i1Display Pro can be purchased from the 
Dell Electronics, Software and Accessories website.
NOTE:  Accuracy of sRGB , Adobe RGB , REC709, DCI-P3, 
CAL1  and CAL2  are optimized for RGB input color format. 
NOTE:  Factory Reset  will remove all calibrated data in CAL1  
and CAL2 .
NOTE:  YYYY-MM-DD depicts last calibration date. If this 
space is blanked it means no calibration was saved. Operating the Monitor        |    45
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
• Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color 
settings. Press the  
 and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, 
Green, and Blue values and create your own preset color 
mode.
  Use the  
 and 
  buttons to select the Gain, Offset,  
Hue, Saturation .
Custom Color
Gain
Oﬀset
Hue
Saturation
 –Gain:  Select it to adjust input RGB signal gain level 
(default value are 100).
 –Offset:  Select it to adjust RGB black-level offset value 
(default value are 50) to control your monitor base 
color.
 –Hue:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY hue value 
individually (default value are 50).
 –Saturation:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY saturation 
value individually (default value are 50).46    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the HDMI or DP-mDP cable.
YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only 
YPbPr output.
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeInput Color Format
DisplayGamma
EnergyPreset Modes
RGB
YPbPr
Reset Color 
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
MenuInput Source
ColorEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
Gamma Allows you to set the display Gamma according to your 
system.
HueUse 
  or 
  to adjust the hue from 0 to 100. 
NOTE:  Hue adjustment is available only for Movie and Game 
mode.
Saturation Use 
  or 
  to adjust the saturation from 0 to 100.
NOTE:  Saturation adjustment is available only for Movie and 
Game mode.
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults. Operating the Monitor        |    47
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Display  Use the Display  menu to adjust image. 
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeSharpnessMonitor SleepS leep After Timeout
Dynamic Contrast
Response Time
MST
Uniformity Compensation
Display Info
Reset Display EnergyAspect Ratio Wide 16:10
50
Normal
Oﬀ
OﬀPIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
MenuInput Source
Color
DisplayEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:10, Auto Resize, 4:3, or 
1:1.
Monitor Sleep Sleep After Timeout : Monitor goes into sleep after timeout.
Never : Monitor never goes into sleep.
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of contrast to provide 
sharper and more detailed image quality.
Push the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  “On”
or “Off”.
NOTE: For Game  and Movie  preset mode only.
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you 
select Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
MST DP Multi Stream Transport,  Set to ON enables MST(DP out), 
Set to OFF disables MST function. 
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen brightness and color uniformity compensation 
settings. Off is factory setting by default.
Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different areas of the 
screen with respect to the center to achieve uniform 
brightness and color over the entire screen. 
Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults.48    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
PIP/PBP This function brings up a window displaying image from 
another input source. Thus you can watch two images from 
different sources at the same time.
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizePIP/PBP (Sub)
PIP Location
USB Select Switch
Video Swap
Contrast (Sub)
EnergyPIP/PBP Mode Oﬀ
mDP
Top-Right
USB Selection
Audio
MenuInput Source
Color
Display
PIP/PBPEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
Main WindowSub - Window
DP mDP HDMI 1 HDMI 2
DP X √ √ √
mDP √ X √ √
HDMI 1 √ √ X √
HDMI 2 √ √ √ X
NOTE: When you use the PIP/PBP feature, the DP MST 
(Daisy Chain) function is disabled. Operating the Monitor        |    49
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
PIP/PBP Mode Adjusts the PBP (Picture by Picture) model to PIP Small , PIP 
Large , PBP Aspect Ratio , or PBP Fill . You can disable this 
feature by selecting Off.
PIP Small PIP Large PBP Aspect
RatioPBP Fill Oﬀ
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be 
connected to your monitor for the PIP/PBP sub-window. 
PIP Location Select PIP sub-window position.
Use 
  or 
  to browse and 
   to select Top-Right, Top-
Left, Bottom-Right, or Bottom-left .
USB Select 
SwitchSelect to switch between the USB upstream sources in PBP 
mode.
Video Swap Swap Main & Sub video.
Contrast (Sub) Change Contrast settings of Sub video.50    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
USB Selection Select the USB upstream signals from the list: DP, mDP 
and HDMI, thus the monitor’s USB downstream port (eg. 
keyboard and mouse) can be used by the current input 
signals when connecting a computer to either one of the 
upstream ports.
The display and USB upstream ports connection can be 
changed by selecting the input source function.
When you use only one upstream port, the connected 
upstream port is active.
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeUSB 2
EnergyUSB 1 DP
HDMI1
Audio
MenuInput Source
Color
Display
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before changing 
USB upstream ports, make sure that NO USB storage devices 
are in use by the computer connected to the monitor’s USB 
upstream port.
USB 1 Use the 
   to Indicate the input signal for USB 1. 
USB 2 Use the 
   to Indicate the input signal for USB 2. 
  
 Audio 
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeReset Audio 
EnergyAudio source Main
MenuInput Source
Color
Display
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
AudioEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz Operating the Monitor        |    51
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Audio source Allows you to set the audio source from the main window or 
the sub-window.
Reset Audio Select this option to restore default audio settings.
  
 Energy 
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeUSB 
Reset Energy  Power Button LED On in On Mode
Oﬀ in Standby Mode
MenuInput Source
Color
Display
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
EnergyEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor 
standby mode.
NOTE:  USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available 
when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will 
be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset Energy Select this option to restore default Energy  settings.52    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
  
Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, 
the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu 
remains on screen, and so on.
OthersBrightness/Contrast
PersonalizeInput Source
ColorRotation
DisplayTransparency
EnergyLanguage English
20
Timer 20 s
Lock Unlock
Reset MenuPIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
Menu
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0HzEnergieverbrauch DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, 
Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 0/90/180/270 degrees. 
You can adjust the menu according to your display rotation.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
 and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer  OSD Hold Time:  Sets the length of time the OSD remains 
active after you press a button.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock is selected, 
no user adjustments are allowed. All buttons are locked.
NOTE: 
Lock  function – Either soft lock (through OSD menu) or 
hard lock (Press and hold the exit button 6 sec)  
Unlock  function – Only hard unlock (Press and hold the exit 
button 6 sec)
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults. Operating the Monitor        |    53
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Personalize Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input 
Source, Aspect Ratio, Rotation, PIP/PBP Modes, USB Select 
Switch, or Video Swap and set as shortcut key.
OthersBrightness/Contrast
Shortcut Key 2 
Shortcut Key 3  
Reset PersonalizationShortcut Key 1 Preset Modes
Brightness/Contrast
Input Source
MenuInput Source
Color
Display
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
Energy
PersonalizeEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600, 60Hz
Reset
PersonalizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults.
  
 Other
Brightness/Contrast
MenuInput Source
Color
Display
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
Energy
Personalize
OthersEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0HzDisable LCD ConditioningDDC/CI Enable
Firmware
Reset Others
Factory ResetM3T301
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such as the 
DDC/CI , LCD conditioning , and so on.54    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows 
you to adjust the monitor settings using software on your 
computer.
Select Disable to turn off this feature.
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Brightness/Contrast
MenuInput Source
Color
Display
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
Energy
Personalize
OthersDisableDDC/CI Enable
LCD Conditioning
Firmware
Reset Others
Factory ResetEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on 
the degree of image retention, the program may take some 
time to run. Select Enable to start the process. 
Brightness/Contrast
MenuInput Source
Color
Display
PIP/PBP
USB Selection
Audio
Energy
Personalize
OthersDDC/CI
DisableLCD Conditioning
Firmware
Reset Others
Factory ResetEnableEnergyUse
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Resolution :2560x1600,6 0Hz
Firmware Firmware version
Reset Others  Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI , to factory defaults.
Factory Reset Restores all OSD settings to the factory defaults. Operating the Monitor        |    55
OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
     Dell UltraSharp UP3017A
No
YesTo allow manual adjustment of brightness, the Dynamic Contrast will be 
switched oﬀ.
Do you want to continue?
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the 
following message:
  DellUltraSharp UP3017A
Thecurrentinputtimingisnotsupportedbythemonitordisplay.Please
changeyourinputtimingto 2560x1600, 60 Hz oranyothermonitor
listedtimingasperthemonitorspeciﬁcations.
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 2560 x 1600.
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
   Dell UltraSharp UP3017A
         The function of adjusting display setting using PC appl ication will be 
            
No
Yesdisabled.
Do you wish to disable DDC /CI function? 56    |       Operating the Monitor
When the monitor enters the  Standby  mode, the following message appears:
  
Going into Standby mode… DellUltraSharp UP3017A
   
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
 No DP signal from your device.
         Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse or wake it up.DellUltraSharp UP3017A
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select
the correct input source.
If either DP, mDP, HDMI1 or HDMI2 input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 DellUltraSharp UP3017A
ThedisplaywillgointoStandby Mode in4minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppo rt/monitorsNoDPCable ?
                             
                                                                      
 or                                                                                     
       
DellUltraSharp UP3017A
ThedisplaywillgointoStandby Mode in4minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppo rt/monitorsNomDP Cable ?
                                                                         or Operating the Monitor        |    57
                     
DellUltraSharp UP3017A
ThedisplaywillgointoStandby Mode in4m inutes.
www.d ell.com/suppo rt/monitorsNoHDMI1C able ?
                     
or
                          
DellUltraSharp UP3017A
ThedisplaywillgointoStandby Mode in4m inutes.
www.d ell.com/suppo rt/monitorsNoHDMI2C able ?
Select OSD items of On  in Standby Mode  in Energy  feature, the following message will 
appear:
If adjust the Brightness level above the default level over 75%, the following message will 
appear:
   Dell UltraSharp UP3017A
         Adjusting to this value will increase power consumption above the default level.
            
No
YesDo you want to continue?   
    
See Troubleshooting  for more information.   Dell UltraSharp UP3017A
                     Changing to this setting (without       symbol) will Increase 
power consumption,Do you want to continue?             
No
Yes58    |       Operating the Monitor
Setting the maximum resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows 7 , Windows 8 or Windows 8.1:
1. For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic 
desktop. For Windows Vista and Windows 7, skip this step.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3. Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution  and select 2560 x 1600 .
4. Click OK.
In Windows 10:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
2. Click Advanced display settings .
3. Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 2560 x 1440 .
4. Click Apply .
If you do not see 2560 x 1600  as an option, you may need to update your graphics 
driver. Depending on your computer, complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
• Go to http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the 
latest driver for your graphics card. 
If you are using a non-Dell computer (laptop or desktop):
• Go to your computer manufacturer’s support website and download the latest 
graphic drivers.
• Go to your graphics card manufacturer’s website and download the latest graphic 
drivers. Troubleshooting        |    59
Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                      
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
        Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.
   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, 
the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the 
dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 
DellUltraSharp UP3017A
ThedisplaywillgointoStandby Mode in4minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppo rt/monitorsNoDPCable ?
or
DellUltraSharp UP3017A
ThedisplaywillgointoStandby Mode in4minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppo rt/monitorsNomDP Cable ?
60    |       Troubleshooting
or
DellUltraSharp UP3017A
ThedisplaywillgointoStandby Mode in4minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppo rt/monitorsNoHDMI1C able ?
or
DellUltraSharp UP3017A
ThedisplaywillgointoStandby Mode in4minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppo rt/monitorsNoHDMI2C able ?
 4    This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly. Troubleshooting        |    61
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
  NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
 
654321
To run the built-in diagnostics:
   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
         then goes into the self-test mode.
   3    Press and hold Button 1 for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.
   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
   5    Press Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text 
         screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1  again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.62    |       Troubleshooting
Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected 
and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
• Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no 
brightness• Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots• Cycle power on-off.
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect 
that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  http://
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots• Cycle power On-Off.
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect 
that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at:  http://
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks• Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
• Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on 
& off• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if   the intermittent problem occurs in 
self-test mode. Troubleshooting        |    63
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Missing Color Picture missing 
color• Perform monitor self-test.
• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good• Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the 
Color  menu OSD depending on the application.
• Adjust R/G/B value under Custom. Color  in Color  
menu OSD.
• Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or 
YPbPr in the Color  menu OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen• Set the screen to turn off after a few minutes 
of screen idle time. These can be adjusted in 
Windows Power Options or Mac Energy Saver 
setting.
• Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but does 
not fill entire 
viewing area• Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the Display  
menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust 
the monitor 
with the buttons 
on the front 
panelOSD does not 
appear on the 
screen• Turn off the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable, plug it back, and then turn on the monitor.
• Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If yes, 
press and hold the button beside the power 
button for 6 seconds to unlock (for more 
information, see Lock ).
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, 
the LED light is 
white• Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the 
mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.64    |       Troubleshooting
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
The picture 
does not fill the 
entire screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen• Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
No image 
when using DP 
connection to 
the PCBlack screen • Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.2) is 
your Graphics Card certified to. Download and 
install the latest graphics card driver.
• Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
  DP 1.2 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input 
  Source selection, press and hold DP select 
  
  key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting from 
  DP 1.2 to DP 1.1a. 
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
USB interface is 
not workingUSB peripherals 
are not working• Check that your monitor is turned ON.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Switch off and then turn on the monitor again.
• Reboot the computer.
• Some USB devices like external portable HDD 
require higher electric current; connect the 
device directly to the computer system.
Supre Speed 
USB 3.0 
interface is slow.Super Speed 
USB 3.0 
peripherals 
working slowly 
or not working 
at all• Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
• Some computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and 
USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is 
used.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Reboot the computer.
Wireless USB 
peripherals stop 
working when a 
USB 3.0 device 
is plugged inWireless USB 
peripherals 
responding 
slowly or only 
working as 
the distance 
between itself 
and its receiver 
decreases• Increase the distance between the USB 3.0 
peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
• Position your wireless USB receiver as close as 
possible to the wireless USB peripherals.
• Use a USB-extender cable to position the wireless 
USB receiver as far away as possible from the 
USB 3.0 port. Appendix        |    65
Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at  www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
For customers in the United States, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
  NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
       information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See  www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
1    Go to  www.dell.com/support .
2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu
at the top-left corner of the page.
3    Click Contact Us  next to the country dropdown.
4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.
EU product database for energy label and product 
information sheet
UP3017A:  https://eprel.ec.europa.eu/qr/344915Dell UltraSharp U3219Q Monitor
User’s Guide
Model: U3219Q
Regulatory model: U3219QbDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss 
of data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2018 Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved.  Dell, EMC, and other trademarks 
are trademarks of Dell Inc. or its subsidiaries. Othe r trademarks may be trademarks of their respective 
owners.
2018 - 09
Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  /.null/.null│/.null/.null3Contents
About your monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Package contents. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Product features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Identifying parts and controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Front view . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Back view  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10Side view. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11Bottom view . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Monitor specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
Resolution specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Supported video modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Preset display modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Electrical specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Physical characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17Environmental characteristics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
Power management modes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18Pin assignments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
Plug and play capability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Universal Serial Bus (USB) interface . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
USB 3.0 upstream connector . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
USB 3.0 downstream connector . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23USB Type-C connector . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24USB ports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
LCD monitor quality and pixel policy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Maintenance guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Cleaning your monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting up the monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Attaching the stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Connecting your monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Connecting the DisplayPort (DisplayPort to DisplayPort) cable. . 29
Connecting the HDMI cable (optional)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Connecting the USB Type-C cable  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31Connecting the USB 3.0 cable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Organizing your cables. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Removing the monitor stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33VESA wall mounting (optional)  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Operating the monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Power on the monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Using the front-panel controls. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Front-panel button  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 36
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu  . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Accessing the menu system  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
OSD warning message . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Setting the maximum resolution  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Using the tilt, swivel, and vertical extension . . . . . . . . . . 56
Tilt, swivel . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Vertical extension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
Rota ting the monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
Rotate clockwise . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
Rotate counterclockwise . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
Adjusting the r otation display set tings of your s ystem . . 59
Troubleshooting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Self-test. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Built-in diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Common problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  /.null/.null│/.null/.null5Product specific problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 66
Universal Serial Bus (USB) specific problems . . . . . . . . . 67
Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
FCC notices (U.S. only) and other regulatory  
information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69
Contact Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 69Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorAbout your monitor
Package contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown in the table below. If any 
component is missing, contact Dell techni cal support. For more  information, see 
Contact Dell .
NOTE: Some items may be optional an d may not ship with your monitor. 
Some features may not be available in certain countries.
NOTE: If you are attaching a stand that you purchased from any other 
source, follow the set up instructions that were included with the stand. 
Monitor
Stand riser
Stand baseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null 7Power cable (varies by 
country)
DisplayPort cable
USB Type-C cable (USB 3.1 Gen 2)
USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables the USB ports on the monitor)
• Quick Setup Guide
•F a c t o r y  c a l i b r a t i o n  
re
port
• Safety, Environmental, 
and R
egulatory 
InformationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitorProduct features
The Dell U3219Q  monitor has an active matrix, Th in-Film Transistor (TFT), Liquid 
Crystal Display (LCD) and LED backlig ht. The monitor features include:
• 80 cm (31.5-inch) viewable area (measured diagonally).  
3840 x 2160 (16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Wide viewing angle to allow viewing fr om a sitting or standing position.
• Color gamut of 99% sRGB, 95% DCI-P3, and 99% REC-709 with an average 
Delta E < 2.0.
• Digital connectivity with DisplayPort, USB Type-C and HDMI.
• Single USB Type-C to supply power (PD 90 W) to a compatible notebook 
while receiving video & data signal.
• Tilt, swivel, height, and rotate adjustment capabilities. 
• Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling 
easier setup with an elegant viewing experience.
• Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 
100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Equipped with 2 USB upstream ports (USB Type-B and USB Type-C) and 4 
USB downstream ports.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen 
optimization.
• Security lock slot.
• Stand lock.
• 0.5 W standby power when in sleep mode.
• Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) and Picture in Picture (PIP) Select mode.
• Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.
WARNING: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the monitor may cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue, digital eye strain, and so on. ComfortView feature is designed to reduce the amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to optimize eye comfort.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null 9Identifying parts and controls
Front view
Front panel controls
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitorBack view
Back view with monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes (100 mm 
x 100 mm - behind attached VESA Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from the monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock 
(security lock not included). 
5 Barcode, serial number, and 
Service Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to 
contact Dell for technical support.
6 Cable-management slot Use to organize cables by inserting 
them through the slot.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Label Description Use
1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device.*
NOTE: T o use this port, you must 
connect the USB cable (shipped with your monitor) to the USB-upstream port on the monitor and to your computer.
2 USB downstream port with Po
wer ChargingConnect to charge your device.
About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null11Side view
* To avoid signal interference, when a wi reless USB device has been connected to 
a USB downstream port, it is NOT r ecommended to connect any other USB 
devices to the adjacent port(s). Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitorBottom view
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 Power connector Connect the power cable (shipped with 
your monitor).
2 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a 
M3 x 6 mm screw (screw not included).
3 HDMI port Connect your computer with HDMI cable.
4 DisplayPort Connect your computer with DisplayPort 
cable (shipped with your monitor).
5 USB Type-C port Connect the USB Type-C cable that 
came with your monitor to the computer or mobile device. This port supports USB Power Delivery, Data, and DisplayPort video signal. 
The USB 3.1 Type-C port offers the 
fastest transfer rate and the alternate mode with DP 1.4 supports a maximum resolution of 3840 x 2160 at 60Hz, PD 20V/4.5A, PD 20V/3A, 15V/3A, 9V/3A, 5V/3A.
NOTE: USB Type-C is not supported on 
versions of Windows prior to Windows 10. 
6 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers.*
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About your monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null13* Headphone usage is not supporte d for the audio line out connector.
** To avoid signal interference, when a wi reless USB device has been connected to 
a USB downstream port, it is NOT r ecommended to connect any other USB 
devices to the adjacent port(s).
Monitor specifications7 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable (shipped with 
your monitor) to this port and your computer to enable the USB ports on your monitor.
8 USB downstream port Connect your USB device.**
NOTE: To use this port, you must 
connect the USB cable (shipped with your monitor) to the USB-upstream port on the monitor and to your computer.
9 USB downstream port with 
Power ChargingConnect to charge your device.
Model U3219Q
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Technology
Aspect ratio 16:9
Viewable image
Diagonal
Width (active area)
Height (active area)
Tota l area800.1 mm (31.50 inches) 
697.3 mm (27.45 inches)
392.2 mm (15.44 inches)
273505.9 mm2 (423.93  inch2)
Pixel pitch 0.182 mm x 0.182 mm
Pixel per inch (PPI) 140
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 400 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1300 to 1 (typical)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout your monitor* DP 1.4 and USB Type-C (Alternative mode with DP 1.4): HDR is supported, but 
HBR3 is not supported; DP 1.2 is supported.Faceplate coating Anti-Glare with 3H hardness
Backlight LED edgelight system
Response time 8 ms (Normal)
5 ms (Fast)
Color depth 1.07 billion colors
Color gamut 99% sRGB, 95% DCI-P3, and 99% REC-709
NOTE: At panel native only, under Custom Mode  
preset.
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2.0 (average)
Built-in devices •1  x  U S B  T y p e - C  p o r t
•1  x  U S B  3 . 0  u p s t r e a m  p o r t
• 4 x USB 3.0 downstream ports
Ports and connectors • 1 x DisplayPort version 1.4 (HDCP 2.2)
• 1 x HDMI port version 2.0 (HDCP 2.2)
• 1 x USB Type-C port (Alternate mode with DP 1.4, 
Power Delivery, and USB 2.0)*
•1  x  U S B  3 . 0  u p s t r e a m  p o r t
• 2 x USB 3.0 downstream port
• 2 x USB with BC1.2 charging capability at 2A 
(maximum)
Border width (edge of monitor to active area) 7.6 mm (Top/Left/Right)
14.7 mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand
Til t
Swivel
Pivot150 mm
-5° to 21°
-30° to 30°
-90° to 90°
Dell Display Manager compatibility Yes
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Horizontal scan range 10 kHz to 137 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range 49 Hz to 86 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz
About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null15Resolution sp ecifications
Supported video modes
Video display capabilities (HDMI 
& Disp
layPort & USB Type-C 
alternate mode)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, QHD
, UHD
Preset display modesModel U3219Q
Model U3219Q
Display mode Horizontal 
fr
equency 
(kHz)Vertical 
fr
equency 
(Hz)Pixel 
c
lock 
(MHz)Sync 
po
larity 
(Horizontal
/Vertical)
VESA, 640 x 400 31.5 70.1 25.2 +/-
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 59.9 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.1 28.3 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800-R 49.3 59.9 71.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitor* Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.
Electrical specifications
Video input signals HDMI 2.0*/DisplayPort 1.4**, 600 mV for each 
d
ifferential line, 100 ohm input impedance per 
differential pair
AC input voltage/fr
equency/current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 3 A (typica
l)
Inrush current • 120 V: 40 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
• 240 V: 80 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
* Not supporting HDMI 2.0 optional specification, including HDMI Ethernet Channel 
(HEC), Audio 
Return Channel (ARC), standard for 3D fo rmat and resolutions, and 
standard for 4K digital cinema resolution.
** HDR is supported, but HBR3 is not supported; DP 1.2 is supported.VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2048 x 1280-R 78.9 59.9 174.3 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160-R* 133.3 60.0 533.3 +/-
Mode
l U3219QDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  • Digital: DisplayPort, 20 pins
• Digital: HDMI, 19 pins (cable not included)
• Universal Series Bus: Type-C, 24 pins
• Universal Serial Bus: USB, 9 pins
Height (extended) 618.1 mm (24.33 inches)
Height (compressed) 468.7 mm (18.45 inches)
Width 712.5 mm (28.05 inches)
Depth 220.0 mm (8.66 inches)
Height 414.5 mm (16.32 inches)
Width 712.5 mm (28.05 inches)
Depth 44.5 mm (1.75 inches)
Height (extended) 482.7 mm (19.01 inches)
Height (compressed) 437.6 mm (17.23 inches)
Width 268.0 mm  ( 10.55 inches)
Depth 220.0 mm (8.66 inches)
Base 268.0 mm x 220.0 mm  
(10.55 inches x 8.66 inches)
Weight with packaging 13.3 kg (29.3 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cab
les9.6 kg (21.1 lb)
Weight without stand assembly (F
or wall mount or VESA mount 
considerations - no cables)5.8 kg (12.8 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 3.5 kg (7.7 lb)
Front frame gloss 2-4
About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null17Physical characteristics
Model U3219Q
Signal cable type
Dimensions (with stand)
Dimensions (without stand)
Stand dimensions
WeightDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorEnvironmental characteristics
• ENERGY STAR certified monitor
• EPEAT Gold registered in the U.S. EPEAT registration varies by country. See 
www.epeat.net  f or registration status by country
• RoHS-compliant
• TCO certified displays
• BFR/PVC free monitor (excluding external cables)
• Arsenic-free glass and Mercury-free for the panel only
Operating 0 °C to 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating • Storage: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
• Shipping: -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating • Storage: 10% to 90% (non-condensing)• Shipping: 10% to 90% (non-condensing)
Operating 5000 m (16404 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12192 m (40000 ft) (maximum)
• 784.76 BTU/hour (maximum)
• 156.95 BTU/hour (typical)
Power management modesIf you have VESA's DPM™ compliance displa y
  card or software installed on your 
computer, the monitor can automatically re duce its power consumption when not in 
use. This is referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from 
the keyboard, mouse, or other input device s, the monitor automatically resumes to 
function. The following table shows the po wer consumption and signaling of this 
automatic power saving feature.Model U3219Q
Comp
liant standards
Temperature
HumidityAltitude
Thermal dissipationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  VESA 
modesHorizontal 
sy
ncVertical 
sy
ncVideo Power 
in
dicatorPower 
consump
tion
Normal 
oper
ationActive Active Active White 230 W (ma
ximum)**
46 W (typical)
Active-off mo
deInactive Inactive Blanked White (b
linking)Less than 0.
5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.
3 W
Energy Star Power consumption
Pon 43.18 W
ETEC 135.70 kWh
About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null19* Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with  max luminance, and USB active.
This document is informational only an d reflects laboratory performance. Your 
product may perform differently, depend ing on the software , components and 
peripherals you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. 
Accordingly, the customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions 
about electrical tolerances or otherwis e. No warranty as to accuracy or 
completeness is expressed or implied.
NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR certified. 
NOTE:  
Pon: Power consumption of on mode as defined in Energy Star 7.0 
version.  
ETEC: Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy Star 7.0 
version.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Pin 
number20-pin side of the 
connec
ted signal cable
1 ML3 (n)
2 GND
3 ML3 (p)
4 ML2 (n)
5 GND
6 ML2 (p)
7 ML1 (n)
8 GND
9 ML1 (p)
10 ML0 (n)
11 GND
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX (p)
16 GND
17 AUX (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
20/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorPin assignments
DisplayPort connectorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Pin 
number19-pin side of the 
connec
ted signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT
About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null21HDMI connectorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorPlug and play capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Di splay Identification 
Data (EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) protocols so that the system can 
configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monito r installations are 
automatic; you can select different setting s if desired. For mo re information about 
changing the monitor settings, see Operating the monitor .
Universal Serial Bus (USB) interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the 
monitor.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption*
Super-speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)NOTE: This monitor is Super-Speed USB 3.0 compatible.
* Up to 2A on USB downstream port (with 
  battery icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
USB Type-C Description
Video DP 1.4*
Data USB 2.0
Power Delivery (PD) Up to 90 W
* HDR is supported, but HBR3 is not supported; DP 1.2 is supported.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Pin number
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
About your monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null23USB 3.0 upstream connector
USB 3.0 downstream connector
Pin number
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+9-pin side of the connector
9-pin side of the connectorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24/.null /.null│/.null /.nullAbout your monitorUSB Type-C connector
Pin Number Signal Name Pin Number Signal Name
USB ports
• 1 USB Type-C - bottom
•1  u p s t r e a m  -  b o t t o m
• 4 downstream - bottom (2) and side (2)
Power Charging Port - the port with 
  battery icon; supports up to 2A 
fast-charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
NOTE: USB 3.0 functionality requir es a USB 3.0-capable computer.
NOTE: The USB ports on the monitor work only when the monitor is 
turned On or in power save mode. If  you turn Off the monitor and then 
turn it On, the attached  peripherals may take a few seconds to resume 
normal functionality.A1 GND B1 GND
A2
TX1+ B2 TX2+
A3 TX1- B3 TX2-
A4 VBUS B4 VBUS
A5 CC B5 VCONN
A6 D+ B6
A7 D- B7
A8 SBU1 B8 SBU2
A9 VBUS B9 VBUS
A10 RX2- B10 RX1-
A11 RX2+ B11 RX1+
A12 GND B12 GNDDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About your monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null25LCD monitor quality and pixel policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proces s, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging  state which are hard to see and do not 
affect the display quality or usability. Fo r more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Maintenance guidelines
Cleaning your monitor
CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety instructions  before cleaning the 
monitor.
WARNING: Before cleaning the mo nitor, unplug th e monitor power 
cable from the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructi ons in the list below when unpacking, 
cleaning, or handling your monitor:
• To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. 
If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating. Do not use benzene,  thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, 
or compressed air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.
• If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitorSetting up the monitor
Attaching the stand
NOTE: The stand is not installed at the factory when shipped.
NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for attaching the 
stand that was shipped with your mo nitor. If you are attaching a stand 
that you purchased from any other source, follow the set up instructions that were included with the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1.F
ollow the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the 
top cushion that secures it.
2.I nsert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.
3.L ift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.4.A
fter fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting up the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null275.Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly. 
6.Attach the stand assembly to the monitor.
a.Fit the two tabs on the upper part of th e stand to the groove on the back of 
the monitor.
b.Press the stand down till it snaps into place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitor7.Place the monitor upright.
NOTE: Lift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.  
8.R emove the cover from the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting up the monitor/.null /.null │/.null /.null29Connecting your monitor
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety instructions .
NOTE: Route the cables through th e cable-management slot before 
connecting them.
NOTE: Do not connect all cables to the computer at the same time.
NOTE: The graphics are used for th e purpose of illustration only. 
Appearance of the computer may vary.
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1.T urn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2.C onnect the DisplayPort, HDMI, or USB Type-C cable from your monitor to 
the computer.
Connecting the DisplayPort (DisplayPort to DisplayPort) cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setti ng is DP1.4 (DP1.2 is supported). 
If the monitor fails to show any co ntent after the DisplayPort cable is 
connected, follow the pr ocedures below to change the settings to 
DP1.1:
• Press any button (except the 
  button) to activate the OSD menu.
•U s e  t h e  
  and 
  buttons to highlight Input Source , then use the 
  
button enter the submenu.
•U s e  t h e  
  and 
  buttons to highlight DP.
• Press and hold the 
  button for approximately 10 seconds, and the 
DisplayPort configuration message appears.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitor• Use the  button to select Disable  and change the settings.
Repeat the above steps to change the DisplayPort format settings if 
necessary.
Connecting the HDMI cable (optional)
NOTE: The default out of factory setti ng is HDMI 2.0. If the monitor 
fails to show any conten t after the HDMI cable is connected, follow the 
procedures below to change the se ttings from HDMI 2.0 to HDMI 1.4:
• Press any button (except the 
  button) to activate the OSD menu.
•U s e  t h e  
  and 
  buttons to highlight Input Source , then use the 
  
button enter the submenu.
•U s e  t h e  
  and 
  buttons to highlight HDMI .
•P r e s s  a n d  h o l d  t h e  
  button for approximately 10 seconds, and the HDMI 
configuration message appears.
•U s e  t h e  
  button to select Disable  and change the settings.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting up the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null31Repeat the above steps to change the HDMI format settings if necessary.
Connecting the USB Type-C cable
NOTE: Use the USB Type-C cable shipped with monitor only. 
• This port supports DisplayPort Alternate Mode (DP 1.4 standard only).
•
The USB Type-C power delivery compliant port (PD Version 2.0) delivers 
up to 90 W of power. 
• If your notebook requires more than 90 W to operate and the battery is 
drained, it may not be powered up or charged with the USB PD port of this 
monitor.
Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
NOTE: To prevent data damage or lo ss, before changing USB upstream 
ports, make sure that NO USB st orage devices are in use by the 
computer connected to the monitor’s USB upstream port.
After you have completed connecting the D isplayPort/HDMI/USB Type-C cable, 
follow the procedures below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and 
complete your monitor setup:
1. a. Connect one computer: connec t the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable 
supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port on your computer.  
b. Connect two computers*:  connec t the upstream USB 3.0 ports to Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitorappropriate USB 3.0 ports on the two computers. Then use the OSD menu to 
select between the two USB upstream sources and input sources. See USB 
Select Switch .
2.Connec t the USB 3.0 peripherals to th e downstream USB 3.0 ports on the 
monitor.
3.Pl ug the power cables for your computer(s) and monitor into a nearby outlet.
a. Connect one computer
b. Connect two computers
* When connecting two computers to the monitor, the monito r's USB downstream 
ports for the keyboard and mouse can be assigned to different input signals from the two computers by changing the USB Selection settings from the OSD menu. 
(See USB Select Switch  for details).
4.T
urn On the monitor and the computer(s).  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display an image
, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) specific problems .
5.Use the cable slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting up the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null33Organizing your cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See 
Connecting your monitor  for cable attachment,) organize all cables as shown 
above.
Removing the monitor stand
NOTE: To prevent scratches on th e LCD screen when removing the 
stand, ensure that the monitor is  placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for attaching the 
stand that was shipped with your mo nitor. If you are attaching a stand 
that you purchased from any other source, follow the set up instructions that were included with the stand.
To remove the stand:
1.Pl
ace the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2.Pr ess and hold the stand release button.3.L
ift the stand up and away from the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34/.null /.null│/.null /.nullSetting up the monitorVESA wall mounting (optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come wit h the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1.Pl ace the monitor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable flat table.2.R
emove the stand. (See Removing the monitor stand )
3.Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the 
plastic cover.
4.A ttach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.5.Mo
unt the monitor on the wall. For more information, see the documentation 
that shipped with the wall mounting kit.
NOTE: For use only with UL-liste d wall mount bracket with minimum 
weight or load bearing capacity of 23.2 kg.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null35Operating the monitor
Power on the monitor
Press the Power button to turn On the monitor.
Using the front-panel controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust settings.
The following table describe s the front-panel buttons:
Front-panel button Description
1
Shortcut key/
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset color 
mo
des.
2
Shortcut key/
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of video signa
ls that may be connected to your monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorFront-panel button
Use the buttons on the front of the mo nitor to adjust the image settings.
Front-panel button Description
1
UpUse the Up  but ton to adjust (increase ranges) items in 
the OSD menu.
2
DownUse the Do wn  button to adjust (decrease ranges) items 
in the OSD menu.
3
OKUse the OK  button to confirm your selection.
4
BackUse the Ba ck  button to go back to the previous menu.3
MenuUse the MENU b utton to launch the On-Screen 
Display (OSD). See Accessing the menu system .
4
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
5
Power
(with power light 
indicator)Use the Po wer  button to turn the monitor On and 
Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and fu lly 
functional. A blinking white  light indicates the 
power save mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null37Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) menu
Accessing the menu system
NOTE: If you change the settings an d then either proceed to another 
menu or exit the OSD menu, the monitor automatica lly saves those 
changes. The changes are also save d if you change the settings and 
then wait for the OS D menu to disappear.
1.Pr ess the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
2.Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between the setting options. As you 
move from one icon to another, the option name is highlighted. See the 
f
ollowing table for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3.Pr ess the 
  or 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
4.Pr ess the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
5.Pr ess 
  to enter the submenu and then use the directional buttons, 
according to the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6.Se lect the 
  button to return to the main menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorIcon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Bri ghtness/Contrast  
adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjus ts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the 
  button to increase the brightness and 
press the 
  button to decrease the brightness (min. 
0 / max. 100).
NOTE: M anual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled 
when Smart HDR  is activated.
Contrast Adjust the Br ightness  first, and then adjust the 
Contrast  only if further adjustment is necessary.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and 
press the 
  button to decrease the contrast (min. 0 
/ max. 100).The Co
ntrast  function adjusts the degree of 
difference between darkness and lightness on the 
monitor screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null39Input Source Use the Inp ut Source  menu to select between the 
different video signals that may be connected to your 
monitor.
USB Type-C Select the USB T ype-C  input when you are using 
the USB Type-C connector.
DP Select the DP inpu t when you are using the 
DisplayPort (DP) connector. 
HDMI Select the HDM I input when you are using the HDMI 
connector. 
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available input 
sources.
Auto Select for 
USB-CAllows you to set Auto Select for USB-C to:
•Pr ompt for Multiple Inputs : Always displays 
the “ Switch to USB-C Video Input ” message 
for you to choose whether to switch or not.
•Ye s : Always switch to USB-C video input (without 
asking) when the USB Type-C cable is connected.
•No: Never automatically switch to USB-C video 
input when the USB Type-C cable is connected.
NOTE: Auto Select for USB-C  is available only 
when Auto Select is on.
Reset Input 
Sour
ceReset your monitor input settings to the factory 
se
ttings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorColor Use Color to adjust the color setting mode.
Preset Modes Allows you to choose from a list of preset color 
modes
.
•Standard : Loads the monitor's default color 
settings. This is the default preset mode.
•Com fortView: Decreases the level of blue light 
emitted from the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
WARNING: The possible long-term effects of b
lue light emission from the monitor may 
cause personal injury such as digital eye strain, eye fatigue and damage to the eyes. Using monitor for extended periods of time may also cause pain in parts of body such as neck, arm, back and shoulder.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null41Preset Modes To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/
back
/shoulder pain from using the monitor for long 
periods of time, we suggest you to:
1. Set the distance of the screen between 20 to 
2
8 inches (50 - 70 cm) from your eyes.
2. Blink frequently to moisten your eyes or wet 
your eyes with water after prolonged usage of 
the monitor.
3. Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes 
every two hours.
4. Look away from your monitor and gaze at a 
distant object at 20 feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
5. Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck, 
arm, back, and shoulders during the breaks.
•Mo
vie : Loads color settings ideal for movies.
•Game : L oads color settings ideal for most gaming 
applications.
•Co lor Temp. : Allows users to select the color 
temperature: 5000K, 5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K, and 10000K.
•Cust
om Color: Allows you to manually adjust the 
color settings. 
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the Gain , 
Offset , Hue, and Sa turation  values and create 
your own preset color mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorInput Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB : S elect this option if your monitor is connected 
to a computer (or DVD player) using the USB Type-C, DisplayPort, or HDMI cable.
YPbPr : Se
lect this option if your DVD player 
supports only YPbPr output.
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to gr
een or purple. This is used to adjust the desired 
flesh tone color. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the hue from 
'0' to '100'.
NOTE: Hue  ad justment is available only when you 
select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the 
video image
. Use 
  or 
  to adjust the saturation 
from '0' to '100'.
NOTE: Saturation  adjustmen t is available only 
when you select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color Reset your monitor’s color settings to the factory 
se
ttings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null43Display Use Disp lay  to adjust image.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wide 16 :9, Auto Resize , 
4:3, or 1:1.
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or 
so
fter. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from '0' to 
'100'.
Response Time Allows you to set the Re sponse Time  to Normal  or 
Fast .
Uniformity 
Comp
ensationSelect screen uniformity compensation settings. Ca
librated  is factory calibrated setting by default. 
Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different areas 
of the screen with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness and color over the entire screen. For optimal screen performance, Brightness  and 
Contrast  for some preset modes ( Standard , Color 
Temp. ) will be disabled when Uniformity 
Compensation  is activated.
NOTE: Use
r is advised to use factory default brightness setting when Uniformity Compensation  
is activated. For other brightness level setting, the uniformity performance may deviate from the data 
shown on the Factory Calibration Report.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the monitorSmart HDR The Smart HDR (High Dynamic Range) feature 
enhances the display output by optimally adjusting contrast and the ranges of color and luminosity to resemble true-to-life visuals. The default setting is Off. You may set the Smart HDR  mode to:
•Desktop : Suitable for using the monitor with a 
desktop computer. 
•Movie HDR : Suitable for the playback of HDR 
video content. 
•Game HDR : Suitable for playing HDR-compatible 
games. It displays more realistic scenes and makes the gaming experience immersive and entertaining.
•Reference : Compliant with the DisplayHDR 400 
standard.
NOTE: When the monitor is processing HDR 
content, Preset Modes  and Brightness  will be 
disabled.
Reset Display Reset all display settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null45PIP/PBP This function brings up a window displaying image 
fr
om another input source.
X X Sub-Window
Main Window
USB Type-C
DPUSB Type-C DP
HDMIHDMI
NOTE: The images under PBP will be displayed at 
the center of the screen, not full screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorPIP/PBP Mode Adjusts the PIP/PBP  (Picture in Picture/Picture by 
Picture) mode to PIP Small , PIP Large , or PBP . You 
can disable this feature by selecting Off.
PBPPIP LargePIP Small
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may 
be co
nnected to your monitor for the PIP/PBP sub-
window. 
PIP Location Select PIP sub-window position.
Use 
  or 
  to browse and 
  to select Top-
Right , To p- Left , Bottom-Right , or Bottom-Left .
USB Select 
Sw
itchSelect to switch between the USB upstream sources 
in P
IP/PBP mode.
NOTE: T his option is available only when PIP/PBP 
Mode is on.
Audio Allows you to set the audio source from the main wi
ndow or the sub-window.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null47Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and 
sub-windo
w in PIP/PBP mode.
NOTE: Th is option is available only when PIP/PBP Mode is on.
Contrast (Sub) Adjust the contrast level of the picture in PIP/PBP mode
.
Use 
  to increase the contrast and use 
  to 
decrease the contrast.
NOTE: Th is option is available only when PIP/PBP 
Mode is on.
USB Selection Allows you to set the USB upstream port for the i
nput signals (DP or HDMI),  thus the monitor's USB 
downstream port (e.g. keyboard and mouse) can be used by the current input signals when you connect a computer to either one of the upstream ports.
When you use only one upstream port, the 
connec
ted upstream port is active.
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before 
changing USB upstream ports, make sure that NO USB storage devices are in use by the computer connected to the monitor’s USB upstream port.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorMenu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, 
such as, the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Sets the OSD display to one of the eight languages (Eng
lish, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian 
Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 90 degrees counter-clockwise and 
anticounter-clockwise. You can adjust the menu 
according to your Display Rotation .
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency 
b
y pressing the 
  and 
  buttons (min. 0 / max. 
100).
Timer Sets the length of time the OSD will remain active 
a
fter the last time you pressed a button.
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the slider in 1 second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Reset Menu Reset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null49Personalize
Shortcut Key 1 Allows you to choose a feature from Pr eset Modes , 
Brightness/Contrast , Input Source , Aspect 
Ratio , Rotation , PIP/PBP Mode , USB Select 
Switch , Video Swap , or Smart HDR  and set it as a 
shortcut key.Shortcut Key 2
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or Off 
t
o save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monit
or standby mode.
NOTE: USB  ON/OFF under standby mode is only 
available when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset 
Pe
rsonalizationReset all settings under the Pe rsonalize  menu to 
the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorOthers Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such as 
DDC/CI , LCD Conditioning , and so on.
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Disp lay Data Channel/Command Interface) 
allows your monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and etc.) to be adjustable via the software on your computer. You can disable this feature by selecting Off. Enable this feature for best user 
experience and optimum performance of your monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null51LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. 
D
epending on the degree of image retention, the 
program may take some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Firmware Displays the firmware version of your monitor.
Service Tag Displays the service tag of your monitor. This string is r
equired when you look for phone support, check 
your warranty status, update drivers on Dell's website, etc. 
Reset Others Reset all settings under the Other
 s menu to the 
factory preset values.
Factory Reset Reset all settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorOSD warning message
When the monitor does not support a part icular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving 
from the computer. See Monitor specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical 
frequency ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 3840 x 2160.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
When the monitor goes into power-save  mode, the following message appears:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null53The OSD functions only in the normal operat ion mode. If you press any button other 
than the power button during the Active-off mode, the following message will 
appear depending on the selected input:
Activate the computer and the moni tor to gain access to the OSD.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
When Sm art HDR  is activated and you try to change the preset mode, the 
following message appears:
If either USB Type-C, DisplayPort, or HDMI  input is selected and the corresponding 
cable is not connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
See Troub l eshooting  for more information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the monitorSetting the maximum resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8, and Windows® 8.1:
1.For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2.Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3.Click the dropdown list of the Screen Resolution  and select 3840 x 2160 .
4.Click OK.
In Windows® 10:
1.Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2.Click Advanced display settings .
3.Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3840 x 2160 .
4.Click Apply .
If you do not see 3840 x 2160 as an option, you may need to update your graphics 
driver. Depending on your computer, complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•G o  t o  http:/ /www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell computer (portable or desktop):
• Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest graphic 
drivers.
• Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic drivers.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null55Requirements to view or playback HDR content
(1) via Ultra BluRay DVD or Game consoles
Ensure the DVD player and Game consoles are HDR capable, e.g. Panasonic 
DMP-UB900, x-Box One S, PS4 Pro. Download and install the appropriate graphics card drivers (for PC applications), see below.
(2) via PC
Ensure the graphics card used is HDR capable, i.e., HDMI2.0a (with HDR option) compliant and HDR graphics driver is installed. HDR capable player application 
must be used, e.g. Cyberlink PowerDVD 17, Windows 10 Movies and TV app.
For example Dell XPS8910, Alienware Aurora R5, bundled with the below 
graphics cards.
Dell Graphics driver with HDR support: Refer to Dell support page to download 
the latest graphics driver that supports HDR playback for your PC/Notebook.
Nvidia
HDR capable Nvidia graphics cards: GTX1 070, GTX1080, P5000, P6000, etc. For 
a full range of HDR capable Nvidia graphics cards, refer to Nvidia website 
www.nvidia.com
Driver that supports Full Screen Playback mode (e.g. PC games, UltraBluRay 
players), HDR on Win 10 Redstone 2 OS: 381.65 or later.
AMD
HDR capable AMD graphics cards: RX480, RX470, RX460, WX7100, WX5100, 
WX4100, etc. For a full range of HDR capable AMD graphics cards, refer to 
www.amd.com . Check HDR driver support information and download the latest 
driver from www.amd.com
Intel (Integrated Graphics)
HDR capable system: CannonLake or later
Suitable HDR player: Window s 10 Movies and TV app
OS with HDR support: Windows 10 Redstone 3
Driver with HDR support: visit downloadcenter.intel.com  for the latest HDR 
driver
NOTE: HDR playback via OS (e.g. play back of HDR in a window within 
desktop) requires Win 10 Redstone 2 or later with appropriate player applications, e.g. PowerDVD17. Pl aying back protected  content will 
require appropriate DRM software and/or hardware, e.g. Microsoft Playready™. Refer to Microsoft website for HDR support information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorUsing the tilt, swivel, and vertical extension
NOTE: The following instructions are applicable only for attaching the 
stand that was shipped with your mo nitor. If you are attaching a stand 
that you purchased from any other source, follow the set up instructions that were included with the stand.
Til t, swive l
With the stand attached to the monitor, yo u can tilt 
 and swivel the monitor for the 
most comfortable viewing angle.
NOTE: The stand is not installed at the factory when shipped.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null /.null│/.null /.null57Vertical extension
NOTE: The stand extends vertically up to 150 mm. The figure below 
illustrates how to extend the stand vertically.
Rotating the monitor
Before you rotate the monito r, your monitor should be fully vertically extended 
(Vertical extension ) and fully tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the 
monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58/.null /.null│/.null /.nullOperating the monitorRotate clockwise
Rotate counterclockwise
NOTE: To use the Display Rotation fu nction (Landscape versus Portrait 
view) with your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver 
that is not included with this monito r. To download the graphics driver, 
go to www.dell.com/support  and see the Download section for Video 
Drivers for latest driver updates.
NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience 
performance degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming 
and etc.).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null59Adjusting the r otation display set tings of your system
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to comple te the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Displa y Settings of your system.
NOTE: If you are using the monitor wi th a non-Dell computer, you need 
to go the graphics driver websit e or your computer manufacturer 
website for information on rotating the 'contents' on your display.
To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
1.Right-click on the desktop and click Properties .
2.Select the Settings  tab and click Advanced .
3.If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation  tab and set the 
preferred rotation.
4.If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia  tab, in the left-hand 
column select NVRotate , and then select the preferred rotation.
5.If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel  graphics tab, click 
Graphic Properties , select the Rotation  tab, and then set the preferred 
rotation.
NOTE: If you do not see the rotati on option or it is not working 
correctly, go to www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver 
for your graphics card.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub l eshootingTroubleshooting
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety instructions .
Self-test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor is functioning properly. If yo ur monitor and computer are properly 
connected but the monitor screen remain s dark, run the monitor self-test by 
performing the following steps:
1.T
urn off both your computer and the monitor.
2.Unp lug the video cable from the back of the computer. 3.Tu
rn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-sc reen (ag ainst a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is  working correctly. While in self-test 
mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one 
of the dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen. 
or
orDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub l eshooting /.null /.null│/.null /.null614.This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable 
becomes disconnected or damaged.
5.T urn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank afte r y ou use the previous procedure, check 
your video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.
Built-in diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing  is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with 
your computer and video card.
NOTE: You can run the built-in diagnost ics only when the video cable is 
unplugged and the monitor is in self-test mode.
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1.Ensur e that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the 
screen).
2.Unp lug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The 
monitor then goes into the self-test mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshooting3.Press and hold Button 1  on the front panel for 5 seconds. A gray screen 
appears.
4.Carefully inspect the sc reen for abnormalities.
5.Press Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to 
red.
6.Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
7.Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and 
text screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalit ies upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functionin g properly. Check the video card and computer.
Common problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems 
you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
symptomsWhat you 
experiencePossible solutions
No Video/Power LED off No picture • Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is 
functioning properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is 
pressed fully.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null63No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no brightness • Increase brightness & contrast 
controls via OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the 
video cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, blurry, or ghosting • Eliminate video extension cables.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Change the video resolution to the 
correct aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery Video Wavy picture or fine movement • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Check environmental factors.
• Relocate the monitor and test in 
another room.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has spots •C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently Off is a 
natural defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor 
Quality and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
http:/ /
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots•C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently off is a 
natural defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor 
Quality and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: 
http:/ /
www.dell.com/support/monitors .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  64/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingBrightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim or too bright • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness & contrast controls 
via OSD.
Geometric Distortion Screen not centered correctly • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Horizontal/Vertical Lines Screen has one or more lines • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check and determine if these lines are also in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the 
video cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization Problems Screen is scrambled or appears torn • Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check to determine if the scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the 
video cable connector.
• Restart the computer in the safe 
mode.
Safety Related Issues Visible signs of smoke or sparks • Do not perform any troubleshooting 
steps.
•C o n t a c t  D e l l  i m m e d i a t e l y .
Intermittent Problems Monitor malfunctions on & off • Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check to determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null65Missing Color Picture missing 
color• Perform monitor self-test feature 
check.
• Ensure that the video cable 
connecting the monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the 
video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not good • Change the settings of the Preset 
Modes  in the Color menu OSD 
depending on the application.
•A d j u s t  Gain /Offset /Hue/
Saturation  value under Custom 
Color  in Color menu OSD.
•C h a n g e  t h e  Input Color Format  to 
PC RGB or YPbPr in the Color menu 
OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention from a static image left on the monitor for a long period of timeFaint shadow from the static image displayed appears on the screen•U s e  t h e  P o w e r  M a n a g e m e n t  f e a t u r e  
to turn off the monitor at all times when not in use (for more information, see 
Power management modes ).
• Alternatively, use a dynamically 
changing screensaver.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Common 
symptomsWhat you 
e
xperiencePossible solutions
Screen image is too 
sma
llImage is centered on s
creen, but 
does not fill entire viewing area•C h e c k  t h e  As
 pect Ratio  setting in the 
Display menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust the monit
or with the 
buttons on the front panelOSD does not appe
ar on the 
screen• Turn Off the monitor, unplug the power 
c
ord, plug it back, and then turn On 
the monitor.
No Input Signal wh
en user controls 
are pressedNo picture, the LED 
light is white• Check the signal source. Ensure the 
c
omputer is not in the power saving 
mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is 
p
lugged in properly. Re-plug the signal 
cable if necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.
The picture does no
t fill the entire 
screenThe picture cannot fi
ll the height or 
width of the screen• Due to different video formats (aspect 
r
atio) of DVDs, the monitor may display 
in full screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
66/.null /.null│/.null /.nullTroub l eshootingProduct specific problemsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null67Universal Serial Bus (USB) specific problems
Common 
symptomsWhat you 
experiencePossible solutions
USB interface is not working USB peripherals are not working • Check that your monitor is turned On.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals 
(downstream connector).
• Switch Off and then turn On the 
monitor again.
• Reboot the computer.
• Some USB devices like external 
portable HDD require higher electric current; connect the device directly to the computer system.
USB Type-C port does not supply power USB peripherals can not be charged • Check that the connected device is 
compliant with the USB-C specification. The USB Type-C port supports USB 3.1 and an output of 90
 W.
• Check that you use the USB Type-C 
cable shipped with your monitor.
Super Speed USB 3.0 interface is slow Super Speed USB 3.0 peripherals working slowly or not working at all• Check that your computer is USB 3.0-
capable.
• Some computers have USB 3.0, USB 
2.0, and USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals 
(downstream connector).
• Reboot the computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  68/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub leshootingWireless USB 
peripherals stop working when a USB 3.0 device is plugged inWireless USB peripherals responding slowly or only working as the distance between itself and its receiver decreases• Increase the distance between the 
USB 3.0 peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
• Position your wireless USB receiver as 
close as possible to the wireless USB peripherals.
• Use a USB-extender cable to position 
the wireless USB receiver as far away as possible from the USB 3.0 port.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix /.null/.null│/.null/.null69Appendix
WARNING:  Safety instructions
WARNING: Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than 
those specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions , see the Safety, Environmental, and 
Regulatory Information (SERI).
FCC notices (U.S. only) and other regulatory information
For FCC notices and other re gulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United Stat es, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
NOTE: If you do not have an active  Internet connection, you can find 
contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
• Online technical assistance — www.dell.com/support/monitors 
•C o n t a c t i n g  D e l l  —  www.dell.com/contactdell Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Dell UltraSharp U3419W Monitor
User’s Guide
Model: U3419W
Regulatory model: U3419WbDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Notes, cautions, and warnings
NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make 
better use of your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss 
of data if instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
Copyright © 2018 Dell Inc. All rights reserved. This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2018 - 07
Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  /.null/.null│/.null/.null3Contents
About Your Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Identifying Parts and Controls. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Front View. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9
Back View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10Side View  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11Bottom View . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
Monitor Specifications. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Flat Panel Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14Resolution Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .15Supported Video Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Preset Display Modes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .16Electrical Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17Speaker Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17Physical Characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18Environmental Characteristics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19Power Management Modes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .19Pin Assignments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Plug and Play Capability  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
USB Upstream Connector. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
USB Downstream Connector  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24USB Type-C Connector. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25USB Ports . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4/.null/.null│/.null/.nullCleaning Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Setting Up the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .27
Attaching the Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Connecting the HDMI cable . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Connecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31Connecting the USB Type-C cable  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32Connecting the USB 3.0 cable. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Organizing Your Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Removing the Monitor Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35Wall Mounting (Optional). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Operating the Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .37
Power On the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Using the Front Panel Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Front Panel Button  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu  . . . . . . . . . . . 39
Accessing the Menu System . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 39
OSD Warning Messages. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Setting the Maximum Resolution. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . 55
Tilt, Swivel . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Vertical Extension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Troubleshooting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
Self-Test. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
Built-in Diagnostics . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 58
Common Problems. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . 63
Speakers Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 64Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  /.null/.null│/.null/.null5Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65
Contact Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 65Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorAbout Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with th e components shown below.  Ensure that you have 
received all the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
NOTE: Some items may be optional an d may not ship with your monitor. 
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
NOTE: To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective 
stand setup guide for setup instructions.
 
Monitor
Stand Riser
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null7Stand Base
Power Cable (Varies by 
Country)
HDMI Cable 
DP Cable (DP to DP)USB 3.0 Upstream Cable 
(Enables the USB Ports on the Monitor)
USB Type-C Cable
•Q u i c k  S e t u p  G u i d e
• Factory Calibration 
Report
• Safety, Environmental, 
and Regulatory Information
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorProduct Features
The Dell U3419W  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor 
(TFT), Liquid Crystal Di splay (LCD) and LED backlight. The monitor features 
include:
• 86.7 cm (34-inch) viewable area display (measured diagonally). 
3440 x 1440 resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Wide viewing angle to allow viewing fr om a sitting or standing position.
• Tilt, swivel, and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.• Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling 
easier setup with an elegant viewing experience.
• Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 
100 mm mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.• Color gamut of 99% sRGB with an average Delta E <
 3.
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen 
optimization.
• Supports HDMI, USB Type-C, DisplayPort sources.• Single USB Type-C to supply power to a compatible notebook while receiving 
video & data signal.
• Security lock slot.• Stand lock.• Capability to switch from wide aspect to standard aspect ratio while 
maintaining the image quality.
• 0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.• Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real 
time.
• Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen and ComfortView feature 
which minimizes blue light emission.
NOTE: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the 
monitor may cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital 
eye strain. ComfortView feature is designed to reduce the amount of 
blue light emitted from the moni tor to optimize eye comfort.
• Supports Picture by Picture (PBP) and Picture in Picture (PIP) Select mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null9Identifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Front panel controls
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorBack View
Back view with monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes (100 mm x 
100 mm - behind attached VESA Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from monitor.
4 Barcode serial number label Refer to this label if you need to 
contact Dell for technical support.
5 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing 
them through the slot.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null11Side View
* To avoid signal interference, when a wireless USB device has been connected to a 
USB downstream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the adjacent port(s).Label Description Use
1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can 
only use this connector after you have connected the USB cable to the computer and USB upstream connector on the monitor.*
2 USB downstream port with Power 
ChargingConnect to charge your device.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorBottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector Connect the power cable.
2 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock 
(security lock not included). 
3
(1, 2)HDMI port connector Connect your computer with 
HDMI cable.
4 DisplayPort in connector Connect your computer with DP 
cable.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null13* Headphone usage is not supporte d for the audio line out connector.
** To avoid signal interference, when a wi reless USB device has been connected to 
a USB downstream port, it is NOT r ecommended to connect any other USB 
devices to the adjacent port(s).5 USB Type-C port Connect the USB Type-C cable 
that came with your monitor to the computer or mobile device. This port supports USB Power Delivery, Data, and DisplayPort video signal.
The USB 3.1 Type-C port offers the 
fastest transfer rate and the alternate mode with DP1.2 supports a maximum resolution of 3440 x 1440 at 60Hz, PD 20V/4.5A, 15V/3A, 9V/3A, and 5V/3A.
NOTE: USB Type-C is not 
supported on versions of Windows prior to Windows 10.
6 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers.*
7
(1, 2)USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that came 
with your monitor to the computer. Once this cable is connected, you can use the USB connectors on the monitor.
8-1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can 
only use this connector after you have connected the USB cable to the computer and USB upstream connector on the monitor.**
8-2 USB downstream port with Power 
ChargingConnect to charge your device.
9 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor 
using a M3 x 6 mm screw (screws not included).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorMonitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Model U3419W
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCDPanel technology In-Plane Switching Type
Viewable image
Diagonal
Horizontal, Active AreaVertical, Active AreaArea867.2 mm (34.14 inches)
799.80 mm (31.49 inches)334.80 mm (13.18 inches)
267773.04 mm
2 (415.01 inch2)
Pixel pitch 0.233 mm x 0.233 mm
Pixel per inch 109Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 300 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Antiglare with hard-coating 3HBacklight LED edgelight system
Response time 8 ms for NORMAL mode
5 ms for FAST mode
Color depth 1.074 billion colorsColor gamut* sRGB 99%, CIE1976 (90%), and CIE 1931 (75%)
Built-in devices • USB 3.0 super-speed hub (with 2 x USB 3.0 
upstream port)
•4  x  U S B  3 . 0  d o w n s t r e a m  p o r t sDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null15* At panel native only, un der Custom Mode preset.
Resolution SpecificationsConnectivity • 2 x HDMI 2.0 (HDCP 2.2) 
• 1 x DP 1.2 (HDCP 2.2) •2  x  U S B  3 . 0  U p s t r e a m  p o r t•2  x  U S B  3 . 0  D o w n s t r e a m  p o r t  ( s i d e )•2  x  U S B  3 . 0  D o w n s t r e a m  p o r t  ( b o t t o m )• 1 x USB Type-C (DisplayPort DP1.2 Alternate Mode, 
Power Delivery, and USB2.0)
Border width (edge of 
monitor to active area)10.55 mm (Top)
10.05 mm (Left/Right)
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand
Til tSwivelPivot0 to 115 mm
-5° to 21°-30° to 30°N/A
Dell Display Manager 
(DDM) CompatibilityYes
Security • Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)
• Anti-theft stand lock slot (to panel)
Model U3419W
Horizontal scan range
(HDMI & DP & USB Type-C alternate mode)30 kHz to 134 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range
(HDMI & DP & USB Type-C alternate mode)48 Hz to 76 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3440 x 1440 at 60HzDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorSupported Video Modes
Preset Display Modes
* Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.Model U3419W
Video display capabilities (HDMI & DP & USB 
Type-C alternate mode)480p, 480i, 576p, 720p, 1080p, 
576i, 1080i
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel 
Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical)
VESA, 640 x 400 31.47 70.09 25.18 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.47 59.94 25.17 -/-VESA, 640 x 480 37.50 75.00 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.47 70.08 28.32 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.88 60.32 40 +/+VESA, 800 x 600 46.88 75.00 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.36 60.00 65 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.02 75.03 78.75 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.50 75.00 108 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 - R 49.31 59.91 71 +/-
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.98 60.02 108 +/+VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.98 75.03 135 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.00 60.00 162 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.50 60.00 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.79 59.95 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3440 x 1440* 88.82 60.00 319.75 +/-Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null17Electrical Specifications
* Not Support HDMI 2.0 optional specific ation, include HDMI Ethernet Channel 
(HEC), Audio Return Channel (ARC), standa rd for 3D format an d resolutions, and 
standard for 4K digital cinema resolution.
Speaker SpecificationsModel U3419W
Video input signals HDMI 2.0*/DP 1.2, 600 mV for each differential line, 
100 ohm input impedance per differential pair. 
AC input voltage/
frequency/current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz +  3 Hz / 3 A 
(typical) 
Inrush current • 120 V: 40 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
• 220 V: 80 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
Model U3419W
Speaker 2 x 9.0 W
Frequency Response 100 Hz - 20 kHzImpedance 8 ohmDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorPhysical Characteristics
Model U3419W
Signal cable type • Digital: HDMI, 19 pins
• Digital: DisplayPort, 20 pins• Universal Serial Bus: USB, 4 pins• Universal Serial Bus: Type-C, 24 pins
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 532.0 mm (20.94 inches)Height (compressed) 417.0 mm (16.42 inches)
Width 813.6 mm (32.03 inches)
Depth 226.4 mm (8.91 inches)Dimensions (without stand)
Height 363.7 mm (14.32 inches)
Width 813.6 mm (32.03 inches)Depth 58.4 mm (2.30 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 419.1 mm (16.50 inches)Height (compressed) 382.6 mm (15.06 inches)
Width 342.2 mm (13.47 inches)
Depth 226.4 mm (8.91 inches)Weight
Weight with packaging 16.0 kg (35.27 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cables11.1 kg (24.47 lb)
Weight without stand assembly 
(For wall mount or VESA mount considerations - no cables)8.2 kg (18.07 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.4 kg (5.29 lb)
Front frame gloss 37%-57% gloss unitDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null19Environmental Characteristics
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, 
the monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the 
keyboard, mouse, or other input devi ces, the monitor automatically resumes 
functioning. The following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this 
automatic power saving feature.Model U3419W
Compliant Standards
• BFR/PVC-free (Halogen-free) excluding external cables
• Meets NFPA 99 leakage current requirements• Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only
TemperatureOperating 0 °C to 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
HumidityOperating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
AltitudeOperating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation • 853.00 BTU/hour (maximum)
•1 8 4 . 2 5  B T U / h o u r  ( t y p i c a l )
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
SyncVideo Power 
IndicatorPower 
Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 250 W 
(maximum)**
54 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Blanked White 
(blinking)Less than 0.5 WDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorThe OSD functions only in the normal op eration mode. When any button is pressed 
in the Active-off mode, the following message will be displayed:
Activate the computer and the mo nitor to gain access to the OSD.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
* Zero power consumption in  OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with max luminance, and USB active.This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your 
product may perform differently, depend ing on the software, components and 
peripherals you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. 
Accordingly, the customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions 
about electrical tolerances or otherwis e. No warranty as to accuracy or 
completeness is expressed or implied.Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.5 W
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null21Pin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Connected Signal Cable
1 ML3 (n)
2 GND
3 ML3 (p)
4 ML2 (n)
5 GND
6 ML2 (p)
7 ML1 (n)
8 GND
9 ML1 (p)
10 ML0 (n)
11 GND
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX (p)
16 GND
17 AUX (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Re-PWR
20 +3.3 V DP_PWR
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorHDMI Connector
Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the 
Connected Signal Cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null23Plug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification Data (EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) protocols so the system can configure itself and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are 
automatic; you can select different setting s if desired. For more information about 
changing the monitor settings, see Operating the Monitor .
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the 
monitor.
NOTE: This monitor is Super-Speed USB 3.0 compatible.
* Up to 2A on USB downstream port (port with  battery icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption*
Super-speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
USB 3.0 Type-C Description
Video DP1.2Data USB 2.0
Power Delivery (PD) Up to 90 W (typical)
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorUSB Upstream Connector
USB Downstream ConnectorPin Number 9-pin Side of the 
Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSTX-
6 SSTX+
7 GND
8 SSRX-
9 SSRX+
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the 
Connector
1 VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null25USB Type-C Connector
USB Ports
• 1 x USB Type-C - bottom•2  x  U S B  3 . 0  u p s t r e a m  -  b o t t o m• 2 x USB 3.0 downstream - bottom• 2 x USB 3.0 downstream - side
• Power Charging Port- the port with  battery icon; supports up to 2A 
fast current charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+
Pin Number Signal Name Pin Number Signal Name
A1 GND B1 GND
A2 TX1+ B2 TX2+A3 TX1- B3 TX2-
A4 VBUS B4 VBUS
A5 CC B5 VCONNA6 D+ B6
A7 D- B7
A8 SBU1 B8 SBU2A9 VBUS B9 VBUSA10 RX2- B10 RX1-
A11 RX2+ B11 RX1+
A12 GND B12 GND
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26/.null/.null│/.null/.nullAbout Your MonitorNOTE: USB 3.0 functionality requir es a USB 3.0-capable computer.
NOTE: The monitor's USB interface work s only when the monitor is On 
or in the power save mode. If you tu rn Off the monitor and then turn it 
On, the attached peripherals may ta ke a few seconds to resume normal 
functionality.
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proce ss, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging  state which are hard to see and do not 
affect the display quality or usability. Fo r more information on  Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/
monitors .
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the 
monitor.
WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable from the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
• To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. 
If possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static coating. Do not use benzene,  thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, 
or compressed air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.
• If you notice white powder when you unpa ck your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn Off your monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null27Setting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.
NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor with a stand. When any other 
stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for 
the set up instructions.
CAUTION: Do not remove the monitor from the packaging box before 
attaching the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1.Follow the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the 
top cushion that secures it.
2.Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot.
3.Lift the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
4.After fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the Monitor5.Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly.
6.Attach the stand assembly to the monitor.
a.Fit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of 
the monitor.
b.Press the stand down till it snaps into place.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null297.Place the monitor upright.
a.Hold the monitor stand firmly with both hands.
b.Lift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.
CAUTION: Do not press on the panel screen when lifting the monitor.
8. Remove the cover from the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the MonitorConnecting Your Monitor
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety Instructions .
NOTE: Do not connect al l cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your moni tor to the computer:
1.Turn Off your computer and disconnect the power cable.
2.Connect the HDMI/DP/USB Type-C cable from the monitor to your computer 
or USB Type-C device.
Connecting the HDMI cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setting  in the U3419W is HDMI 2.0. If 
the monitor fails to show any co ntent after the HDMI cable is 
connected, follow the pr ocedures below to change the settings from 
HDMI 2.0 to HDMI 1.4:
• Press second button next to the  button to activate the OSD menu.
• Use the  and  buttons to highlight Input Source , then use the  
button enter the submenu.
• Use the  and  buttons to highlight HDMI .
• Press and hold the  button for approximately 10 seconds, and the 
HDMI configuration message appears.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null31• Use the  button to select Disable  and change the settings.
Repeat the above steps to change the HDMI format settings if necessary.
Connecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable
NOTE: The default out of factory setting in the U3419W is DP1.2. If the 
monitor fails to show any content after the DP cable is connected, 
follow the procedures below to change the settings from DP1.2 to 
DP1.1:
• Press second button next to the  button to activate the OSD menu.
• Use the  and  buttons to highlight Input Source , then use the  
button enter the submenu.
• Use the  and  buttons to highlight DP.
• Press and hold the  button for approximately 10 seconds, and the DP 
configuration message appears.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the Monitor• Use the  button to select Disable  and change the settings.
Repeat the above steps to change the DP format settings if necessary.
Connecting the USB Type-C cable
NOTE: Use the USB Type-C cabl e shipped with monitor only. 
• This port supports DisplayPort Alte rnate Mode (DP 1.2 standard only).
• The USB Type-C power delivery compliant port (PD Version 2.0) delivers 
up to 90 W of power. 
• If your notebook requires more than 90 W to operate and the battery is 
drained, it may not be powered up or charged with the USB PD port of U3419W.
CAUTION: The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. 
Appearance of the computer may vary.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null33Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
NOTE: To prevent data damage or lo ss, before changing USB upstream 
ports, make sure that NO USB st orage devices are in use by the 
computer connected to the mo nitor’s USB upstream port.
After you have completed connecting the HDMI/DP/USB Type-C cable, follow the 
procedures below to connect the USB 3. 0 cable to the computer and complete 
your monitor setup:
1. a. Connect one computer: connect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable 
supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port on your computer. b. Connect two computers*:  connect the upstream USB 3.0 ports to 
appropriate USB 3.0 ports on the two computers. Then use the OSD menu to select between the two USB upstream  sources and input sources. See USB 
Select Switch .
2.Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the downstream USB 3.0 ports on the 
monitor.
3.Plug the power cables for your computer(s) and monitor into a nearby outlet.
a. Connect one computer
b. Connect two computers
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the Monitor* When connecting two computers to the monitor, the monito r's USB downstream 
ports for the keyboard and mouse can be assigned to different input signals from the two computers by changing the USB Selection  settings from the OSD menu. 
(See USB Selection  for details).
4.Turn On the monitor and the computer(s). 
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display an image, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems .
5.Use the cable slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See 
Connecting Your Monitor  for cable attachment,) organize all cables as shown 
above.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null35Removing the Monitor Stand
NOTE: To prevent the curved LCD screen from being scratched and 
damaged while removing the stand, en sure that the monitor is placed 
on a soft, clean foam. Direct cont act with hard objects might cause 
damage to the curved monitor.
NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor with a stand. When any other 
stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for 
the set-up instructions.
To remove the stand:
1.Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2.Press and hold the stand release button.
3.Lift the stand up and away from the monitor.
Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36/.null/.null│/.null/.nullSetting Up the MonitorRefer to the instructions that come wi th the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1.Place the monitor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
2.Remove the stand.
3.Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the 
plastic cover.
4.Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5.Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with 
the wall mounting kit.
NOTE: For use only with UL-liste d wall mount bracket  with minimum 
weight/load bearing capacity of 36.4 kg.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null37Operating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the  button to turn On the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust settings.
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key/
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorFront Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the mo nitor to adjust the image settings.2
Shortcut key/
VolumeUse this button to adjust the volume. Minimum is 
‘0’ (-). Maximum is ‘100’ (+).
3
MenuUse the MENU  button to launch the On-Screen 
Display (OSD). See Accessing the Menu 
System .
4
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
5
Power
(with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On 
and Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and 
fully functional. A glowing white light indicates the power save mode.
Front Panel Button Description
1
UpUse the Up button to adjust (increase ranges) items in the 
OSD menu.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null39Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
NOTE: If you change the settings an d then either proceed to another 
menu or exit the OSD menu, the monitor automatica lly saves those 
changes. The changes are also save d if you change the settings and 
then wait for the OS D menu to disappear.
1.Press the  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
2.Press the  and  buttons to move between the setting options. As you 
move from one icon to another, the option name is highlighted. See the 
following table for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3.Press the  button once to activate the highlighted option.
4.Press  and  button to select the desired parameter.2
DownUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease ranges) items in 
the OSD menu.
3
OKUse the OK button to confirm your selection.
4
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the Monitor5.Press  to enter the submenu and then use the directional buttons, 
according to the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6.Select the  button to return to the main menu.
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  
adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the  button to increase the brightness and 
press the  button to decrease the brightness 
(min. 0 / max. 100).
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null41Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust the 
Contrast  only if further adjustment is necessary.
Press the  button to increase the contrast and press 
the  button to decrease the contrast (min. 0 / 
max. 100).
The Contrast  function adjusts the degree of difference 
between darkness and lightness on the monitor screen.
Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the 
different video signals that may be connected to your monitor.
USB Type-C Select the USB Type-C  input when you are using the 
USB Type-C connector. 
DP Select the DP input when you are using the DisplayPort 
(DP) connector. 
HDMI 1 Select the HDMI 1  input when you are using the HDMI 1 
connector. 
HDMI 2 Select the HDMI 2  input when you are using the HDMI 
2 connector. 
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available 
input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceReset your monitor input settings to the factory 
settings.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorColor Use Color to adjust the color setting mode.
Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose 
Standard , ComfortView , Movie, Game , Color 
Temp. ,or Custom Color  from the list.
•Standard : Loads the monitor's default color settings. 
This is the default preset mode.
•ComfortView : Decreases the level of the blue light 
emitted from the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
WARNING: The possible long-term effects of blue light 
emission from the monitor may cause personal injury such as digital eye strain, eye fatigue and damage to the eyes. Using monitor for extended periods of time may also cause pain in parts of body such as neck, arm, back and shoulder.To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/shoulder pain from using the monitor for long periods of time, we suggest you to:
1.Set the distance of the screen between 20 inches 
to 28 inches (50cm-70cm) from your eyes.
2.Blink frequently to moisten your eyes or wet your 
eyes with water after prolonged usage of the monitor.
3.Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes 
every two hours.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null434.Look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant 
object at 20 feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
5.Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck, 
arm, back, and shoulders during the breaks.
•Movie : Loads color settings ideal for movies.
•Game : Loads color settings ideal for most gaming 
applications.
•Color Temp. : Allows users to select the color 
temperature: 5000K, 5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K, and 10000K.
•Custom Color : Allows you to manually adjust the 
color settings. Press the  and  buttons to 
adjust the 6-axis color values and create your own 
preset color mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorInput Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB : Select this option if your monitor is connected to 
a computer (or DVD player) using the DP or HDMI or USB Type-C cable.
YPbPr : Select this option if your DVD player supports 
only YPbPr output.
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to 
green or purple. This is used to adjust the desired flesh 
tone color. Use  or  to adjust the hue from '0' to 
'100'.
Use  to increase the green shade of the video image.
Use  to increase the purple shade of the video image.
NOTE: Hue  adjustment is available only when you 
select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null45Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the video 
image. Use  or  to adjust the saturation from '0' to 
'100'.
Use  to increase the colorful appearance of the video 
image.
Use  to increase the monochrome appearance of the 
video image.
NOTE: Saturation  adjustment is available only when 
you select Movie  or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color Reset your monitor color settings to the factory 
settings.
Display Use Display to adjust images.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wide 21:9 , Auto Resize , 4:3, 
or 1:1.
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. 
Use  or  to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'.
Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or 
Fast .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorUniformity 
CompensationSelect screen uniformity compensation settings. 
Calibrated  is factory calibrated setting by default. 
Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different areas of 
the screen with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness and color over the entire screen. For optimal screen performance, Brightness  and Contrast  for 
some preset modes ( Standard , Color Temp. ) will be 
disabled when Uniformity Compensation  is turned 
On.
NOTE: User is advised to use factory default brightness 
setting when Uniformity Compensation  is turned on. 
For other brightness level setting, the uniformity performance may deviate from the data shown on the Factory Calibration Report.
Reset Display Select this option to restore default display settings.
PIP/PBP This function brings up a wi ndow displaying image from 
another input source.
NOTE: The images under PBP will be displayed at the 
center of the screen, not full screen.
X X X X X X X X Sub-Window
Main Window
USB Type-C
DPUSB Type-C DP
HDMI 1HDMI 1
HDMI 2HDMI 2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null47PIP/PBP Mode Adjusts the PIP/PBP  (Picture in Picture/Picture by 
Picture) mode to PIP Small , PIP Large , or PBP. You 
can disable this feature by selecting Off.
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be 
connected to your monitor for the PIP/PBP sub-window. 
PIP Location Select PIP sub-window position.
Use  or  to browse and  to select Top- Left , 
Top-Right , Bottom-Right , or Bottom-Left .
USB Select 
SwitchSelect to switch between the USB upstream sources in 
PIP/PBP mode.
Audio Allows you to set the audio source from the main 
window or the sub-window.
Video Swap Select to swap videos between main window and sub-
window in PIP/PBP mode.III
III
II IPBPPIP LargePIP Small
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorContrast (Sub) Adjust the contrast level of the picture in PIP/PBP 
Mode.
Press the  button to increase the contrast and press 
the  button to decrease the contrast.
USB Selection Allows you to set the USB upstream port for the input 
signals (DP, HDMI 1, and HDMI 2), thus the monitor's USB downstream port (eg. keyboard and mouse) can be used by the current input signals when you connect a computer to either one of the upstream ports.
When you use only one upstream port, the connected 
upstream port is active.
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before changing 
USB upstream ports, make sure that NO USB storage devices are in use by the computer connected to the monitor’s USB upstream port.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null49Audio
Volume Allows you to set the volume level of speakers.
Use  or  to adjust the volume level from '0' to 
'100'.
Speaker Allows you to enable or disable the speaker function.
Reset Audio Select this option to restore default audio settings.
Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, 
such as, the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Language  options set the OSD display to one of the 
eight languages (English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese or Japanese).
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorTransparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by 
pressing the  and  buttons (Minimum: 0 ~ 
Maximum: 100).
Timer OSD Hold Time : sets the length of time the OSD will 
remain active after the last time you pressed a button.
Use  or  to adjust the slider in 1 second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Reset Menu Reset all OSD settings to the factory preset values.
Personalize
Shortcut Key 1 Allows you to choose a feature from Preset Modes , 
Brightness/Contrast , Input Source , Aspect Ratio , 
Volume , PIP/PBP Mode , USB Select Switch , or 
Video Swap  and set it as a shortcut key.Shortcut Key 2
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or Off to 
save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during 
monitor standby mode.
NOTE: USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only 
available when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset 
PersonalizationReset all settings under the Personalize  menu to the 
factory preset values
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null51Others
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) 
allows your monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and etc.) to be adjustable via the software on your computer.You can disable this feature by selecting Off.
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum performance of your monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorOSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a part icular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending 
on the degree of image retention, the program may take some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Firmware Displays the firmware version of your monitor.
Service Tag Displays the service tag serial number of your monitor.
Reset Others Reset all settings under the Others  menu to the factory 
preset values.
Factory Reset Reset all settings to the factory preset values.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null53This means that the monitor cannot synchron ize with the signal that it is receiving 
from the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical 
frequency ranges addressable by this mo nitor. Recommended mode is 3440 x 1440.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
When the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorIf you press any button other than the power button, the following message will 
appear depending on the selected input:
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
If either USB Type-C, HDMI, or DP input is  selected and the corresponding cable is 
not connected, a floating dialog  box as shown below appears.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
See Troub l eshooting  for more information.
Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8, Windows® 8.1, and Windows® 10:
1.For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to 
classic desktop.
2.Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3.Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3440 x 1440 .
4.Click OK.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor /.null/.null│/.null/.null55In Windows® 10:
1.Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2.Click Advanced display settings .
3.Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3440 x 1440 .
4.Click Apply .
If you do not see 3440 x 1440 as an option , you may need to update your graphics 
driver. Depending on your computer, comp lete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•G o  t o  http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download 
the latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell comp uter (portable or desktop):
• Go to the support site for your computer and download the latest graphic 
drivers.
• Go to your graphics card website and download the latest graphic drivers.
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor with a stand. When any other 
stand is bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Til t, Swive l
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt an d swivel the monitor for the 
most comfortable viewing angle.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56/.null/.null│/.null/.nullOperating the MonitorNOTE: The stand is detached when  the monitor is shipped from the 
factory.
Vertical Extension
NOTE: The stand extends vertically up to 115 mm. The figure below 
illustrates how to extend the stand vertically.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null57Troubleshooting
WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, 
follow the Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your 
monitor is functioning properly. If yo ur monitor and computer are properly 
connected but the monitor screen remain s dark, run the monitor self-test by 
performing the following steps:
1.Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
2.Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer.
3.Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is  working correctly. While in self-test 
mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, the 
dialog shown below will continuo usly scroll through the screen.
NOTE: The message may be slight ly different according to the 
connected input signal.
4.This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable 
becomes disconnected or damaged.
5.Turn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank afte r you use the previous procedure, check 
your video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingBuilt-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool  that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inhere nt problem with your monitor, or with 
your computer and video card.
NOTE: You can run the built-in diagnost ics only when the video cable is 
unplugged and the monitor is in self-test mode .
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1.Ensure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the 
screen).
2.Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The 
monitor then goes into the self-test mode.
3.Press and hold Button 1  on the front panel for 5 seconds. A gray screen 
appears.
4.Carefully inspect the sc reen for abnormalities.
5.Press Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to 
red.
6.Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
7.Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and 
text screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalit ies upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functionin g properly. Check the video card and computer.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null59Common Problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems 
you might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/
Power LED offNo picture • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is pressed fully.• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
No Video/
Power LED onNo picture or 
no brightness• Increase brightness & contrast controls via 
OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check.• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.• Ensure that the correct input source is 
selected in the Input Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is 
fuzzy, blurry, or ghosting• Eliminate video extension cables.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.• Change the video resolution to the correct 
aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery 
VideoWavy picture 
or fine movement• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Check environmental factors.• Relocate the monitor and test in another 
room.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingMissing Pixels LCD screen 
has spots•C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural 
defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.co m/support/monitors .
Stuck-on 
PixelsLCD screen 
has bright spots•C y c l e  p o w e r  O n - O f f .
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural 
defect that can occur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.co m/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too 
dim or too bright• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness & contrast controls via 
OSD.
Geometric 
DistortionScreen not 
centered correctly• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.
Horizontal/
Vertical LinesScreen has 
one or more lines• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check and 
determine if these lines are also in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronizatio
n ProblemsScreen is 
scrambled or appears torn• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
• Restart the computer in the safe mode .
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs 
of smoke or sparks• Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•C o n t a c t  D e l l  i m m e d i a t e l y .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub l eshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null61Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on & off• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture 
missing color• Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video 
cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good• Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in 
the Color menu OSD depending on the 
application.
• Adjust R/G/B value under Custom Color  in 
Color menu OSD.
•C h a n g e  t h e  Input Color Format  to PC RGB 
or YPbPr in the Color menu OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image 
retention from a static image left on the monitor for a long period of timeFaint shadow 
from the static image displayed appears on the screen• Use the Power Management feature to turn 
off the monitor at all times when not in use (for more information, see Power 
Management Modes ).
• Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingProduct Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image 
is too smallImage is 
centered on screen, but does not fill entire viewing area• Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the 
Display menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
No Input Signal 
when user controls are pressedNo picture, 
the LED light is white• Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.
The picture 
does not fill the entire screenThe picture 
cannot fill the height or width of the screen• Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) 
of DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troub leshooting /.null/.null│/.null/.null63Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
USB interface 
is not workingUSB 
peripherals are not working• Check that your monitor is turned On.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Switch Off and then turn On the monitor 
again.
• Reboot the computer.• Some USB devices like external portable HDD 
require higher electric current; connect the device directly to the computer system.
• Disconnect one upstream USB cable when 
using two upstream connections.
USB Type-C 
port does not supply power USB 
peripherals can not be charged• Check that the connected device is compliant 
with the USB-C specification. The USB Type-C port supports USB 3.1 with speeds up to 10 Gbps and an output of 90 W.
• Check that you use the USB Type-C cable 
shipped with your monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  64/.null/.null│/.null/.nullTroub l eshootingSpeakers Specific ProblemsHigh Speed 
USB 3.0 interface is slowHigh Speed 
USB 3.0 peripherals working slowly or not working at all• Check that your computer is USB 3.0-
capable.
• Some computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and 
USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
• Reconnect the upstream cable to your 
computer.
• Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
• Reboot the computer.
Wireless 
mouse is not working or laggingDo not 
respond or responds slowly• Increase the distance between the USB 3.0 
peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
• Position your wireless USB receiver as close 
as possible to the wireless mouse.
• Use a USB-extender cable to position the 
wireless USB receiver as far away as possible from the USB 3.0 port.
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No sound 
coming from the speakersCannot hear 
any sound• Turn Off the monitor, unplug the monitor 
power cord, replug it, and then turn On the monitor. 
• Check the audio cable connection is 
connected correctly to the computer Audio Line Out port.
• Unplug the audio cable from the Audio Line 
Out port.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix /.null/.null│/.null/.null65Appendix
WARNING:  Safety Instructions
WARNING: Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than 
those specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions , see the Safety, Environmental, and 
Regulatory Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information
For FCC notices and other re gulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United Stat es, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
NOTE: If you do not have an active  Internet connection, you can find 
contact information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service 
options. Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in your area. 
• Online technical assistance ─ www.dell.com/support/monitors
•C o n t a c t i n g  D e l l  ─ www.dell.com/contactdellDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model:UP2716DA
Regulatory model: UP2716DtDell UltraSharp       
UP2716DA
User’s GuideNOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of 
your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of data if 
instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal 
injury, or death.
Copyright © 2020 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.  This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. 
Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. 
All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2020 – 11   Rev. A00Contents
Safety Instructions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
About Your Monitor  ..................................... 6
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Product Features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Identifying Parts and Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
Plug-and-Play . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Ergonomics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Handling and moving your display  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Maintenance guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Setting Up the Monitor .................................. 26
Attaching the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . . . 30
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Organizing Your Cables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Removing the Monitor Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Wall Mounting (Optional) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
         Contents       |    34   |      Contents        Operating the Monitor .................................. 35
Turning on the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Troubleshooting  ....................................... 57
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61
Appendix  .............................................. 63
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory Information  . . . . . . . . 63
Contacting Dell  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  63
EU product database for energy label and product information sheet . . 63         |    5Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as 
the bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
         hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).6    |       About Your Monitor
About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have 
received all the components and contact Dell  if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Monitor 
Stand riser 
Stand base
                            
     Power cable (varies by country) About Your Monitor        |    7
   USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables 
the USB ports on the monitor)
 
DP cable (mDP to DP)
• Quick Setup Guide
• Safety and Regulatory Information
• Factory Calibration Report 
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp  UP2716DA  monitor has an active matrix, thinfilm transistor (TFT), 
liquid crystal display (LCD), and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
• 68.47 cm (27-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) 2560 x 1440 
resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
• Tilt, swivel, pivot and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
• Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
• Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
set up with an elegant viewing experience.
• Extensive digital connectivity with DP, mDP, HDMI, and USB 3.0 helps future-proof 
your monitor.
• High Dynamic Contrast Ratio (2,000,000:1) . 
• Supports major industry standards: 100% AdobeRGB, 100% sRGB, 100% REC709, 
98% DCI-P3.
• Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
• On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
• Security lock slot.
• Asset Management Capability.
• RoHS compliant.
• BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding cables).
• TCO Certified Displays.
• Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury Free for Panel only.
• ≤ 0.3 W in Standby Mode .
• Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.8    |       About Your Monitor
Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
Front view
Front panel controls
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)
Solid white light indicates the monitor is turned on and functioning normally. 
Blinking white light indicates the monitor is in Standby Mode. About Your Monitor        |    9
Back View
                                   
    
                                                                                  
Label Description Use
1 VESA mountiong holes (100 mm 
x 100 mm-behind attached VESA 
cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 
mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock 
(sold separately) .
5 Barcode, serial number, and Service 
Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact 
Dell for technical support.
6 Dell soundbar mounting slots Attaches the optional Dell soundbar. 
NOTE:  Please remove the plastic strip 
covering the mounting slots before affixing 
the Dell Soundbar. 
Dell soundbar is sold separately.                     
7 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them 
through the slot.10    |       About Your Monitor
Side View
Bottom View
  
  
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
2a HDMI 1 connectorConnect your computer with HDMI cable devices .2b HDMI 2 connector
3 DP connector (in) Connect your computer with DP cable.
4 mDP connector (in) Connect your computer with mDP to DP cable.
5 DP connector (out) DP output for MST (multi-stream transport) capable 
monitor. DP 1.1 monitor can only be connected as 
the last monitor in the MST chain. To enable MST, 
refer to instruction on section “ Connecting the 
Monitor for DP MST Function ”. 
NOTE: Remove the rubber plug when use DP out 
connector.USB downstream port
Port with 
  lightning icon is for BC 1.2
 About Your Monitor        |    11
6 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming 
through HDMI or DP audio channels.
Only supports 2-channel audio.
NOTE:  The audio line-out port does not support 
headphones.
WARNING: Excessive sound pressure from 
earphones or headphones can cause hearing 
damage or loss.
7a USB upstream 1 port Connect the USB cable that comes with your 
monitor to the computer. Once this cable is 
connected, you can use the USB downstream 
connectors on the monitor.7b USB upstream 2 port
8 USB downstream ports (2) Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
connector after you have connected the USB cable 
to the computer and USB upstream connector on 
the monitor.
9 Stand lock Lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
screw (screw not included).
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Model
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel type In-plane switching (IPS)
Viewable image:
Diagonal 68.47 cm (27 inches)
Active Area:
Horizontal 596.74 mm ( 23.49  inches)
Vertical 335.66 mm ( 13.21  inches)
Area 200301.75 mm2  
(310.47  inches2)
Pixel pitch 0.2331 mm x 0.2331 mm
Viewing angle:
   Horizontal 178° (typical)
   Vertical 178° (typical)
Luminance output 300 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
2,000,000 to 1 
(dynamic contrast on)12    |       About Your Monitor
Faceplate coating Anti-glare treatment of the front polarizer (3H)
Backlight LED 
Response Time 14 ms (typical), 
6 ms (fast mode)
Color depth 1.07 Billion colors
Color gamut 100% AdobeRGB
100% sRGB
100% REC709
98% DCI-P3
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 88 kHz 
Vertical scan range 50 Hz to 75 Hz
Maximum preset resolution 2560 x 1440 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities 
(DP & HDMI playback)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, QHD
Preset Display Modes
Display ModeHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency (Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600  37.9 60.0 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200   75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2048 x 1080 26.27 24 58.22 +/-
VESA, 2048 x 1080 66.58 60 147.16 +/- About Your Monitor        |    13
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
MST Multi-Stream Transport (MST) Modes
MST Source Monitor Maximum number of external monitor that can be 
supported
2560 x 1440/60 Hz 1920 x 1200/60 Hz 1920 x 1080/60 Hz
2560 x 1440/60 Hz 1 2 2
NOTE: Maximum external monitor resolution supported is 2560x1440 60Hz only.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals • Digital video signal for each differential line.  
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance. 
• DP/HDMI signal input support
Input voltage/ frequency/
current100-240 VAC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 1.6 A (maximum)
Inrush current 120 V: 30 A (Max.)
240 V: 60 A (Max.)
Power Consumption 0.3 W (Off Mode)1
0.3 W (Standby Mode)1
30.5 W (On Mode)1
130 W (Max)2
28.2 W (Pon)3
89.3  kWh (TEC)3
1 As defined in EU 2019/2021 and EU 2019/2013.
2 Max brightness and contrast setting with maximum power loading on all USB ports.
3 Pon: Power consumption of On Mode measured with reference to Energy Star test 
method. 
  TEC: Total energy consumption in kWh measured with reference to Energy Star test 
method.
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your product 
may perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals 
you ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. Accordingly, the 
customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions about electrical 
tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or 
implied.14    |       About Your Monitor
Physical Characteristics
Model
Connector type • DP (HDCP 1.4) connector (include DP in 
and DP out)
• mDP (HDCP 1.4) connector
• HDMI 1/HDMI 2 (HDCP 1.4) connector
• Audio line-out
• USB 3.0 update stream port connector.
• USB 3.0 down stream port connector x 4.
(Port with 
  lightning icon is for BC 
1.2)
Signal cable type mDP to DP 1.8 M cable.
USB 3.0 1.8 M cable.
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 540.3 mm (21.27 inches)
Height (compressed) 410.3 mm (16.15 inches)
Width 611.4 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 362.5 mm (14.27 inches)
Width 611.4 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 51.4 mm (2.02 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 433.4 mm (17.06 inches)
Height (compressed) 387.2 mm(15.24 inches)
Width 292.4 mm (11.51 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 9.52 kg (20.99  lb)
Weight with stand assembly and cables 7.42 kg (16.36  lb)
Weight without stand assembly (For wall 
mount or VESA mount considerations - no 
cables)4.56 kg (10.05 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.55 kg (5.62 lb)
Front frame gloss 5.5 ± 1.5 GU About Your Monitor        |    15
Environmental Characteristics
Model
Temperature:
 Operating 0°C to 35°C (32°F to 95°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity:
 Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude:
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
  Thermal 
dissipation443.7 BTU/hour (maximum)
104.07 BTU/hour ( On Mode )16    |       About Your Monitor
Pin Assignments
DP connector (in)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(u)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH (p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWR About Your Monitor        |    17
DP connector (out)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML0(p)
2 GND
3 ML0(n)
4 ML1(p)
5 GND
6 ML1(n)
7 ML2(p)
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML3(p)
11 GND
12 ML3(n)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH(p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH(n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWR18    |       About Your Monitor
mDP connector
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3 (n)
4 CONFIG1
5 ML3 (p)
6 CONFIG2
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2 (n)
10 ML0 (p)
11 ML2 (p)
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1 (n)
16 AUX (p)
17 ML1 (p)
18 AUX (n)
19 GND
20 DP_PWR About Your Monitor        |    19
HDMI connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT20    |       About Your Monitor
Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
 NOTE:  Up to 2 A on USB downstream port (port 
  with lightning icon) with 
BC 1.2 compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 3 USB downstream ports.
Your computer has the following USB ports:
• 2 upstream - bottom  
• 4 downstream - 2 at left side, 2 at bottom  
Power Charging Port - the one on the left side (Port with 
  lightning icon); 
supports fast current charging capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in the standby 
mode. If you turn off the monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals may 
take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption
SuperSpeed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port) About Your Monitor        |    21
USB upstream port
 USB downstream port
Pin number Signal name Pin number Signal name
1 VBUS 1 VBUS
2 D- 2 D-
3 D+ 3 D+
4 GND 4 GND
5 StdB_SSTX- 5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdB_SSTX+ 6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN 7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdB_SSRX- 8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdB_SSRX+ 9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield Shell Shield
Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data 
(EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usability. For more information on LCD Monitor Pixel Policy, see 
Dell support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .22    |       About Your Monitor
Ergonomics
 CAUTION: Improper or prolonged usage of keyboard may result in injury.
 CAUTION: Viewing the monitor screen for extended periods of time may result in 
eye strain.
For comfort and efficiency, observe the following guidelines when setting up and using 
your computer workstation: 
• Position your computer so that the monitor and keyboard are directly in front of 
you as you work. Special shelves are commercially available to help you correctly 
position your keyboard. 
• To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/shoulder pain from using the 
monitor for long periods of time, we suggest you to:
1. Set the screen about 20 to 28 in. (50-70 cm) from your eyes.
2. Blink frequently to moisten or rewet your eyes when working with the monitor.
3. Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes every two hours.
4. Look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant object at 20 feet away for at 
least 20 seconds during the breaks.
5. Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck/arm/back/shoulders during the 
breaks.
• Make sure that the monitor screen is at eye level or slightly lower when you are 
sitting in front of the monitor.
• Adjust the tilt of the monitor, its contrast, and brightness settings.
• Adjust the ambient lighting around you (such as overhead lights, desk lamps, and 
the curtains or blinds on nearby windows) to minimize reflections and glare on the 
monitor screen.
• Use a chair that provides good lower-back support.
• Keep your forearms horizontal with your wrists in a neutral, comfortable position 
while using the keyboard or mouse.
• Always leave space to rest your hands while using the keyboard or mouse.
• Let your upper arms rest naturally on both sides.
• Ensure that your feet are resting flat on the floor.
• When sitting, make sure that the weight of your legs is on your feet and not on the 
front portion of your seat. Adjust your chair’s height or use a footrest if necessary to 
maintain a proper posture.
• Vary your work activities. Try to organize your work so that you do not have to sit 
and work for extended periods of time. Try to stand or get up and walk around at 
regular intervals. About Your Monitor        |    23
• Keep the area under your desk clear of obstructions and cables or power cords that 
may interfere with comfortable seating or present a potential trip hazard.
monit or screen at or 
below eye level
mon itor and 
keyboar d 
positioned 
directly in front 
of the use r
feet /f_lat on the 
/f_loorwrists relaxed 
and /f_l at24    |       About Your Monitor
Handling and moving your display
To ensure the monitor is handled safely when lifting or moving it, follow the guidelines 
mentioned below:
• Before moving or lifting the monitor, turn off your computer and the monitor.
• Disconnect all cables from the monitor.
• Place the monitor in the original box with the original packing materials.
• Hold the bottom edge and the side of the monitor firmly without applying 
excessive pressure when lifting or moving the monitor.
• When lifting or moving the monitor, ensure the screen is facing away from you and 
do not press on the display area to avoid any scratches or damage.
• When transporting the monitor, avoid any sudden shock or vibration to it. About Your Monitor        |    25
• When lifting or moving the monitor, do not turn the monitor upside down while 
holding the stand base or stand riser. This may result in accidental damage to the 
monitor or cause personal injury.
Maintenance guidelines
Cleaning your monitor
 WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from 
the electrical outlet.
 
 CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
• To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static 
coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed 
air.
• Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of 
any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
• If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
• Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and 
show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
• To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.26    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Attaching the Stand
    NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is shipped
         from the factory.
    NOTE:  The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased
         any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
    CAUTION: Place monitor of a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching the
           display panel. 
  
    
    To attach the monitor stand:
        • Remove the monitor protective cover and place the monitor with its front facing     
           downward on it.
        •  Insert the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of 
            the monitor.
        • Press the stand down till it snaps into its place. Setting Up the Monitor        |    27
 • Hold the stand base with the triangle 
   mark  facing upward.
• Align the stand base protruded blocks to the matching slot on the stand. 
• Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot. 28    |       Setting Up the Monitor
 • Lift the screw handle and turn the 
    screw clockwise.
 • After fully tighten the screw, fold the 
   screw handle flat within the recess. Setting Up the Monitor        |    29
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
   NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. If you purchased any other
        stand, refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
                          
  NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended and fully 
tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
30    |       Setting Up the Monitor
  NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included with 
this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to  www.dell.com/support  and see 
the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates. 
  NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
  NOTE:  If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2   Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3   If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.
   4   If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.
   5   If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 
 NOTE:  If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card. 
Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions . 
    To connect your monitor to the computer:
         1    Turn off your computer.
         2    Connect the m DP-DP /HDMI/USB cable from your monitor to 
               the computer. (Vertically extend and  tilt the monitor completely to rotate it for  
               cable connection. See Rotating the Monitor .)
         3    Switch on your monitor. 
         4   Select the correct input source at Monitor OSD Menu and turn on your
               computer.           
    NOTE:  UP2716DA default setting is DP 1.2. DP 1.1 Graphic card may not display 
          normally. Please refer to “ product specific problems – No image when using DP 
          connection to the PC ” to change default setting. Setting Up the Monitor        |    31
Connecting the DP (or mDP) cable 
    NOTE: Default is DP port. Select input source on monitor to switch to mDP.
Connecting the HDMI cable(Optional)
Connecting the monitor for DP Multi-Stream Transport (MST) 
function
   NOTE:  Supports the DP MST feature. To make use of this feature, your PC   
Graphics Card must be certified to DP1.2 with MST option.
   NOTE:  Remove the rubber plug when use DP out connector.32    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Connecting the USB cable 
After you have completed connecting the DP-mDP cables, follow the procedure below 
to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and complete your monitor setup:
1 a. Connect one computer:
       Connect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port 
on your computer.
         b. Connect two computers:
      Connect the upstream USB 3.0 ports to appropriate USB 3.0 ports on the two 
computers. Then use the OSD menu to select between the two USB upstream 
sources and input sources. See USB Select Switch .
   NOTE: When connecting two computers to the monitor, the monitor’s USB 
downstream ports for the keyboard and mouse can be assigned to different input 
signals from the two computers by changing the USB Selection  setting from the 
OSD menu. (See  USB Selection  for details)
2 Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the downstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3 Plug the power cables for your computer and monitor into nearby outlet.
a. Connect one computer
b. Connect two computers Setting Up the Monitor        |    33
4 Turn On the monitor and the computer.  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display an 
image, see Troubleshooting .
Organizing Your Cables 
  
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connecting 
Your Monitor  for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the 
stand,  make sure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you 
purchased any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to 
set it up.
To remove the stand:
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
    2    Press and hold the stand-release button. 
    3    Lift the stand up and away from the monitor. 34    |       Setting Up the Monitor
 
   
Wall Mounting (Optional)
  
                         
                 
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
    2    Remove the stand.
    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the   
          plastic cover.
    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
           wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 4.56 Kg . Operating the Monitor        |    35
Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the  
 button to turn on the monitor. 
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows 
the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
  36    |       Operating the Monitor
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front- Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key: 
 Brightness/ContrastUse this button to directly access the “Brightness/
Contrast” menu.
3
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
4
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen 
display (OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System .
5
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit 
the OSD main menu.
6
Power button 
(with power-status light)To turn the monitor on or off. 
Solid white light indicates the monitor is turned 
on and functioning normally. Blinking white light 
indicates the monitor is in Standby Mode. Operating the Monitor        |    37
Front- Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
 
Front Panel Button Description
1      
           
   
 
        Up             DownUse the Up (increase) and Down  (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.38    |       Operating the Monitor
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted. 
  3   Press the 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
  6   Press the 
  button once to return to the main menu to select another option or 
       press the  
  button two or three times to exit from the OSD menu. Operating the Monitor        |    39
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when 
Dynamic Contrast  is switched on.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  only if 
further adjustment is necessary. 
Press the 
   button to increase contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease contrast (between 0 and 100).
Contrast adjusts the difference between darkness and 
lightness on the monitor.
  
 Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between different 
video inputs that are be connected to your monitor. 
  40    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DP Select DP input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort) 
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP input source.
mDP Select mDP input when you are using the 
mDP (mini DisplayPort)  connector. 
Use 
  to select the mDP input source.
HDMI 1 Select the HDMI  1  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI 1 input source.
HDMI 2 Select the HDMI 2  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI 2 input source.
Auto Select Use 
  to select Auto Select , the monitor scans for available 
input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory 
defaults.
Color Use the Color  menu to adjust the color setting mode.
 Operating the Monitor        |    41
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Mode When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard, 
Multimedia, Movie, Game, Paper, Color Temp., Color Space, 
or Custom Color  from the list.
• Standard:  Default color settings. This is the default preset 
mode. 
• Multimedia:  Ideal for multimedia applications.
• Movie:  Ideal for movies.
• Game:  Ideal for most gaming applications.
• Paper:  Loads brightness and sharpness settings ideal for 
viewing text. Blend the text background to simulate paper 
media without affecting color images. Applies to RGB input 
format only.
• Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow 
tint with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with 
slider set at 10,000K.42    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
• Color Space:  Allows users to select the color space: Adobe 
RGB , sRGB , Rec 709, DCI-P3,  CAL1 , CAL2 .
 –Adobe RGB:  This mode is compatible with Adobe RGB 
(100% coverage).
 –sRGB:  Emulates 100% sRGB.
 –Rec 709:  This mode matches 100% Rec 709 standard. 
 –DCI-P3:  This mode reproduces 9 8% of DCI-P3 digital 
cinema color standard.
 –CAL1/CAL2:  User calibrated preset mode using Dell 
Ultrasharp Color Calibration Software or other Dell 
approved software. Dell Ultrasharp Color Calibration 
Software works with the X-rite colorimeter i1Display 
Pro. The i1Display Pro can be purchased from the Dell 
Electronics, Software and Accessories website.
NOTE:  Accuracy of sRGB , Adobe RGB , Rec 709, DCI-P3, CAL1  
and CAL2  are optimized for RGB input color format. 
NOTE:  Factory Reset  will remove all calibrated data in CAL1  
and CAL2 . Operating the Monitor        |    43
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
• Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color 
settings. Press the  
 and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, 
Green, and Blue values and create your own preset color 
mode.
  Use the  
 and 
  buttons to select the Gain, Offset, Hue,      
Saturation .
 –Gain:  Select it to adjust input RGB signal gain level 
(default value are 100).
 –Offset:  Select it to adjust RGB black-level offset value 
(default value are 50) to control your monitor base 
color.
 –Hue:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY hue value individually 
(default value are 50).
 –Saturation:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY saturation value 
individually (default value are 50).44    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the HDMI, mDP-DP cable.
YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only 
YPbPr output.
   Gamma Allows you to set the Gamma to PC or MAC .
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults.
Display  Use the Display  menu to adjust image. 
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9, Auto Resize, 4:3, or 1:1.
Monitor 
SleepSleep After Timeout : Monitor goes into sleep after timeout.
Never : Monitor never goes into sleep.
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’. Operating the Monitor        |    45
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of contrast to provide sharper 
and more detailed image quality.
Push the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  “On”
or “Off”.
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you 
select Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response 
TimeAllows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
MST DP Multi Stream Transport,  Set to ON enables MST(DP out), 
Set to OFF disables MST function. 
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen brightness and color uniformity compensation 
settings. Off is factory calibrated setting by default.
Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different areas of the screen 
with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness and 
color over the entire screen. 
Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults.46    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
PIP/PBP This function brings up a window displaying image from 
another input source. Thus you can watch two images from 
different sources at the same time.
Main WindowSub - Window
DP mDP HDMI 1 HDMI 2
DP X √ √ √
mDP √ X √ √
HDMI 1 √ √ X √
HDMI 2 √ √ √ X
NOTE: When you use the PIP/PBP feature, the DP MST (Daisy 
             Chain) function is disabled. Operating the Monitor        |    47
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
PIP/PBP Mode Adjusts the PBP (Picture by Picture) model to PIP Small , PIP 
Large , PBP Aspect Ratio , or PBP Fill . You can disable this 
feature by selecting Off.
PIP PBP Aspect Ratio
I
III II
PBP Full off
I II I
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be 
connected to your monitor for the PIP/PBP sub-window. 
PIP Location Select PIP sub-window position.
Use 
  or 
  to browse and 
   to select Top-Left, Top-
Right, Bottom-Right, or Bottom-left .
USB Select 
SwitchSelect to switch between the USB upstream sources in PBP 
mode.
Video Swap Swap Main & Sub video.
Contrast (Sub) Change Contrast settings of Sub video.48    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
USB Selection Select the USB upstream signals from the list: DP, mDP, HDMI, 
thus the monitor’s USB downstream port (eg. keyboard 
and mouse) can be used by the current input signals when 
connecting a computer to either one of the upstream ports.
The display and USB upstream ports connection can be 
changed by selecting the input source function.
When you use only one upstream port, the connected 
upstream port is active.
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before changing 
USB upstream ports, make sure that NO USB storage devices 
are in use by the computer connected to the monitor’s USB 
upstream port.
USB 1 Use the 
   to Indicate the input signal for USB 1. 
USB 2 Use the 
   to Indicate the input signal for USB 2. 
  
 Audio 
 Operating the Monitor        |    49
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Audio source Allows you to set the audio source from the main window or 
the sub-window.
Reset Audio Select this option to restore default audio settings.
  
 Energy 
Power 
Button LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor 
standby mode.
NOTE:  USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available 
when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will 
be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Reset Energy Select this option to restore default Energy  settings.50    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
  
Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, 
the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu 
remains on screen, and so on.
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, 
Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 90 degrees counter-clockwise. 
You can adjust the menu according to your display rotation.
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
 and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer  OSD Hold Time:  Sets the length of time the OSD remains 
active after you press a button.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Lock Controls user access to adjustments. When Lock is selected, 
no user adjustments are allowed. All buttons are locked.
NOTE: 
Lock  function – Either soft lock (through OSD menu) or hard 
lock (Press and hold the exit button 6 sec)  
Unlock  function – Only hard unlock (Press and hold the exit 
button 6 sec)
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults. Operating the Monitor        |    51
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Personalize Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input Source, 
Aspect Ratio, Rotation, PIP/PBP Modes, USB Select Switch, or 
Video Swap and set as shortcut key.
Reset
PersonalizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults.
  
 Other
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such as the 
DDC/CI , LCD conditioning , and so on.
Button 
SoundThe monitor beeps every time a new option is selected in the 
menu. This feature enables or disables the sound.52    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows 
you to adjust the monitor settings using software on your 
computer.
Select Disable to turn off this feature.
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on 
the degree of image retention, the program may take some 
time to run. Select Enable to start the process. 
Reset Other Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI , to factory defaults.
Factory Reset Restores all OSD settings to the factory defaults. Operating the Monitor        |    53
OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
  
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the 
following message:
  
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 2560 x 1440.
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
 54    |       Operating the Monitor
When the monitor enters the  Standby  mode, the following message appears:
  
   
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
Select OSD items of On  in Standby Mode  in Energy  feature, the following message will 
appear :
If adjust the Brightness level above the default level over 75%, the following message will 
appear:
 Operating the Monitor        |    55
If either DP, mDP, HDMI 1 or HDMI 2 input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 
                             
                                                                      
 or
 
                             
                                                                      
or
                            
or
                            
See Troubleshooting  for more information.56    |       Operating the Monitor
Setting the maximum resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows 7 , Windows 8 or Windows 8.1:
1. For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic 
desktop. For Windows Vista and Windows 7, skip this step.
2. Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3. Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution  and select 2560 x 1440 .
4. Click OK.
In Windows 10:
1. Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
2. Click Advanced display settings .
3. Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 2560 x 1440 .
4. Click Apply .
If you do not see 2560 x 1440  as an option, you may need to update your graphics 
driver. Depending on your computer, complete one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
• Go to http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the 
latest driver for your graphics card. 
If you are using a non-Dell computer (laptop or desktop):
• Go to your computer manufacturer’s support website and download the latest 
graphic drivers.
• Go to your graphics card manufacturer’s website and download the latest graphic 
drivers. Troubleshooting        |    57
Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                      
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
        Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.
   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, 
the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the 
dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 
                   
or
58    |       Troubleshooting
or
or
 4    This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly. Troubleshooting        |    59
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
  NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
 
To run the built-in diagnostics:
   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
         then goes into the self-test mode.
   3    Press and hold Button 1  and Button 4  on the front panel simultaneously for 2
         seconds. A gray screen appears.
   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
   5    Press Button 4  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text 
         screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 4  again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.60    |       Troubleshooting
Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture • Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected 
and secure.
• Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
• Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
• Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no 
brightness• Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
• Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots• Cycle power on-off.
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect 
that canoccur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  http://
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots• Cycle power On-Off.
• Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect 
that canoccur in LCD technology.
• For more information on Dell Monitor Quality 
and PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at:  http://
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks• Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
• Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on 
& off• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
• Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if   the intermittent problem occurs in 
self-test mode. Troubleshooting        |    61
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Missing Color Picture missing 
color• Perform monitor self-test.
• Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
• Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good• Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the 
Color  menu OSD depending on the application.
• Adjust R/G/B value under Custom. Color  in Color  
menu OSD.
• Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or 
YPbPr in the Color  menu OSD.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen• Set the screen to turn off after a few minutes 
of screen idle time. These can be adjusted in 
Windows Power Options or Mac Energy Saver 
setting.
• Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but does 
not fill entire 
viewing area• Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the Display  
menu OSD.
• Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust 
the monitor 
with the buttons 
on the front 
panelOSD does not 
appear on the 
screen• Turn off the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable, plug it back, and then turn on the monitor.
• Check whether the OSD menu is locked. If yes, 
press and hold the button beside the power 
button for 6 seconds to unlock (for more 
information, see Lock ).
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, 
the LED light is 
white• Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the 
mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
• Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
• Reset the computer or video player.62    |       Troubleshooting
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
The picture 
does not fill the 
entire screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen• Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
• Run the built-in diagnostics.
No image 
when using DP 
connection to 
the PCBlack screen • Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.2) is 
your Graphics Card certified to. Download and 
install the latest graphics card driver.
• Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
  DP 1.2 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input 
  Source selection, press and hold DP select 
  
  key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting from 
  DP 1.2 to DP 1.1a.  Appendix        |    63
Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at  www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
For customers in the United States, call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355) .
  NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
        information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See  www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
   1    Go to  www.dell.com/support .
   2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu
         at the top-left corner of the page.
   3    Click Contact Us  next to the country dropdown.
   4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
   5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.
EU product database for energy label and product 
information sheet
UP2716DA : https://eprel.ec.europa.eu/qr/ 344912Dell UltraSharp U2718Q Monitor
User’s Guide
Model: U2718Q
Regulatory model: U2718QbDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Notes, cautions, and warnings
 NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better 
use of your computer.
 CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potentia l damage to hardware or loss of 
data if instructions are not followed.
 WARNING:  A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, 
personal injury, or death.
____________________
Copyright © 2017 Dell In c. All rights reserved. 
This product is protected by U.S. and internat ional copyright and intellectual property laws. 
DellTM and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other 
jurisdictions. All other marks and names ment ioned herein may be trademarks of their 
respective companies.
2017 - 05 Rev. A00
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents  |  3Contents
About Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .7
Identifying Parts and Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .8
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12Plug and Play Capability  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Interface. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .21
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22Maintenance Guidelines. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
Setting Up the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Attaching the Stand. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
Organizing Your Cables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Removing the Monitor Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Wall Mounting (Optional). . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Operating the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Power On the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4  |  ContentsUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
Setting the Maximum Resolution. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extens ion  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
Rotating the Monitor. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . . 49
Troubleshooting . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
Self-Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .51Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Proble ms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Speakers Specific Problems. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Appendix . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory Information . . . . . . 56
Contact Dell. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  5About Your Monitor
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Ensure that you have received all 
the components and Contact Dell  if something is missing.
Monitor
Stand Riser
Stand Base NOTE: Some items  may be optional and may not ship with your monitor. Some 
features or media may not be available in certain countries.
 NOTE: To set up with any other stand, please refer to the respective stand setup 
guide for setup instructions. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power Cable (Varies by 
Country)
DP Cable (Mini-DP to DP)
USB 3.0 Upstream Cable (Enables the USB Ports on the Monitor)
•Drivers and Documentation Media
•Quick Setup
  Guide
•Fa ctory Calibration 
Report
•Safety , Environmental, 
and Regulatory Information
6  |  About Your MonitorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  7Product Features
The Dell U2718Q  flat panel display has an active matrix, Thin-Film Transistor (TFT), Liquid 
Crystal Display (LCD) and LED backli ght. The monitor features include:
•68.47 cm (27-inch) viewable area  display (measured diagonally).  
3840 x 2160 (16:9) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•Wide viewing angle to allow viewing fr om a sitting or standing position.
•Tilt, swivel, vertical extension, an d rotation adjustment capabilities.
•Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
setup with an elegant viewing experience.
•Removable stand and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•Color gamut of 99.9% sRGB with an average Delta E < 2.
•HDR compatible with HDMI 2.0a.
•Extensive digital connectivity with DP, mD P, HDMI, and USB3.0 helps future-proof 
your monitor.
•On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of setup and screen optimization.
•Software and documentation media includes an Information File (INF), Image Color 
Matching File (ICM), an d product documentation.
•Dell Display Manager Software included (comes in the CD shipped with the 
monitor).
•Security lock slot.
•Stand lock.
•0.3 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
•Optimizes eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.
 NOTE: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the monitor may 
cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital eye strain. ComfortView feature is designed to reduce the amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to 
optimize eye comfort.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8  |  About Your MonitorIdentifying Parts and Controls
Front View
Front panel controls
Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power On/Off button (with LED indicator)LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  9Back View
Back view with monitor stand
Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes 
(
100 mm x 100 mm - 
behind attached VESA 
Cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-compatible wall 
mo
unt kit (100 mm x 100 mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Releases stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security lock (security lock not in
cluded). 
5 Barcode serial number labe
lRefer to this label if you need to contact Dell for tec
hnical support.
6 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them through 
the slot.LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10  |  About Your MonitorSide View
Description Use
1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
conn
ector after you have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB up stream connector on the 
monitor.*
2 USB downstream port with Power 
ChargingConnect to charge your device.
* To avoid signal interference, when a wireless USB device has been connected to a USB do
wnstream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the 
adjacent port(s).LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  11Bottom View
Bottom view without monitor stand
Description Use
1 AC power connector Connect the power cable.
2 HDMI port connector Connect your computer with an HDMI cable.
3 DisplayPort in 
conn
ectorConnect your computer with a DP cable.
4 Mini DisplayPort in 
conn
ectorConnect your computer with a Mini-DP to DP cable.
5 Audio-Line out Connect your speakers.*
6 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that came with your monitor 
to the computer
. Once this cable is connected, you 
can use the USB connect ors on the monitor.
7-1 USB downstream port Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
conn
ector after you have connected the USB cable to 
the computer and USB up stream connector on the 
monitor.**
7-2 USB downstream port with Power 
ChargingConnect to charge your device.
8 Stand lock feature To lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
s
crew (screw not included).
* Headphone usage is not supported  for the audio line out connector.
** To avoid signal interference, when a wire less USB device has b een connected to a USB 
downstream port, it is NOT recommended to connect any other USB devices to the 
adjacent port(s).LabelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12  |  About Your MonitorMonitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Model U2718Q
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel technology In-Plane Switching Type
Aspect ratio 16:9
Viewable image
Diagonal
Horizontal, Active Area
Vertical, Active Area
Area684.7 mm (27 inches)
596.74 mm (23.49 inches)
335.66 mm (13.21 inches)
200301.7 mm2 (310.47 inch2)
Pixel pitch 0.1554 mm x 0.1554 mm
Pixel per inch 163
Viewing angle 178° (vertical) typical
178° (horizontal) typical
Luminance output 350 cd/m² (typical)
Contrast ratio 1300 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Antiglare with hard-coating 3H
Backlight LED edgelight system
Response time 8 ms (Normal)/5 ms (Fast)
Color depth 1.07 billion colors
Color gamut* 99.9% sRGB, 99.9% Rec 709, 80.7% DCI-P3
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average)
Built-in devices •USB 3.0 super-speed hub (with 1 x USB 3.0 upstream 
port)
•4 x USB 3.0 downstream ports
Connectivity •1 x HDMI 2.0 (HDCP 2.2)
•1 x DP 1.2 (HDCP 2.2)
•1 x mDP (HDCP 2.2)
•1 x Audio Line Out port
•1 x USB 3.0 Upstream port
•4 x USB 3.0 Downstream port (2 x BC1.2 included)
Border width (edge of 
monitor to active area)7.3 mm (Top/Left/Right)
9.0 mm (Bottom)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  13* At panel native only, under Custom Mode preset.
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 10 kHz to 137 kHz (automatic)
Vertical scan range 49 Hz to 86 Hz (automatic)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 2160 at 60Hz
Supported Video Modes
Video display capabilities 
(HDMI & DP playback)480p, 480i, 576p, 576i, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, QHD, UHDAdjustability
Height adjustable stand
Tilt
SwivelPivot0 to 130 mm
-5° to 21°
-45° to 45°-90° to 90°
Dell Display Manager 
C
ompatibility (DDM)Easy Arrange and other key features
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately)
Model U2718Q
Model U2718QDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14  |  About Your MonitorPreset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Fr
equency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(H
z)Pixel Clock 
(M
Hz)Sync Polarity 
(H
orizontal/
Vertical)
* Requires a graphics card that supports HDMI 2.0.
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals •HDMI 2. 0, 600 mV for each differential line, 100 
ohm input impedance per differential pair.
•D isplayPort & Mini Displa yPort 1.2, 600 mV for 
each differential line, 100 ohm input impedance 
per differential pair 
AC input voltage/frequency/
current100 VAC to 240 VAC / 50 Hz or 60 Hz + 3 Hz / 1.5 A 
(typical) 
Inrush current •12 0 V: 30 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)
•2 20 V: 60 A (Max.) at 0 °C (cold start)VESA, 640 x 400 31.5 70.1 25.2 +/-
VESA, 640 x 480 31.5 59.9 25.2 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 720 x 400 31.5 70.1 28.3 -/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.9 60.3 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 - R 49.3 59.9 71.0 +/-
VESA, 1280 x 1024 64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200 75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2048 x 1280- R 78.9 59.9 174.3 +/-
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160- R* 133.3 60.0 533.3 +/-
Model U2718QDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  15Physical Characteristics
•Digital: detachable, HDMI, 19 pins (cable 
not included)
•Digital:  detachable, Mini-DP to DP, 20 
pins
•Univer sal Serial Bus: detachable, USB, 9 
pins
Height (extended) 540.2 mm (21.27 inches)
Height (compressed) 410.2 mm (16.15 inches)
Width 611.3 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Height 356.2 mm (14.02 inches)
Width 611.3 mm (24.07 inches)
Depth 49.1 mm (1.93 inches)
Height (extended) 433.4 mm (17.06 inches)
Height (compressed) 387.2 mm (15.24 inches)
Width 292.4 mm (11.51 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Weight with packaging 9.40 kg (20.72 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and cables 6.55 kg (14.44 lb)
Weight without stand assembly (For wall 
mount or VESA mount consi
derations - 
no cables)3.70 kg (8.16 lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.53 kg (5.58 lb)Model U2718Q
Signal cable type
Dimensions (with stand)
Dimensions (without stand)
Stand dimensions
WeightDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16  |  About Your MonitorEnvironmental Characteristics
•ENERGY STAR certified Monitor
EPEAT Gold registered in the U.S. EPEA T r egistration varies by country. See •
www.epeat.net  for registration status by country.
•Ro HS-compliant•T
CO-Certified Displays
•BFR/PVC -free (Halogen-free) excluding external cables
•Meets NFP A 99 leakage current requirements
•Arsenic -Free glass and Mercury-Free for the panel only
Operating 0 °C to 40 °C (32 °F to 104 °F)
Non-operating -20 °C to 60 °C (-4 °F to 140 °F)
Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000  ft) (maximum)
•337 .79 BTU/hour (maximum)•102.36 B
TU/hour (typical)
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA's DPM™ compliance display card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its powe r consumption when not in use. This is 
referred to as Power Save Mode *. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monito r automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumptio n and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA Modes Horizontal 
SyncVertical 
SyncVideo Power 
IndicatorPower 
Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 99 W (maximum)**
30 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Blanked White (blinking) Less than 0.3 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 WModel U2718Q
Compliant Standards
Temperature
HumidityAltitudeThermal dissipationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Energy Star Power Consumption
Pon 24.32 W
ETEC 76.39 kWh
About Your Monitor  |  17The OSD functions only in the normal oper ation mode. When any button is pressed in 
the Active-off mode, the following message will be displayed:
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
 NOTE: This moni tor is ENERGY STAR®-compliant. 
 NOTE:  
Pon: Power consumption of on mode as defined in Energy Star 7.0 version.  
ETEC: Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy Star 7.0 version.
* Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only  be achieved by disconnecting the 
main cable from the monitor.
** Maximum power consumption with  max luminan ce, and USB active.
This document is informational only and refl ec ts laboratory performance. Your product 
may perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you 
ordered and shall have no obligation to up date such information. Accordingly, the 
customer should not rely upon this inform ation in making decisi ons about electrical 
tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or 
implied.
Pin Assignments
DisplayPort Connector
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Con
nected Signal Cable
ML0(p)
GND
ML0(n)
ML1(p)GND
ML1(n)
ML2(p)GND
ML2(n)
ML3(p)GND
ML3(n)
GNDEDID WP
AUX(p)
GND
AUX(n)
Hot Plug DetectRe-PWR
+3.3 V DP_PWR
18  |  About Your MonitorMini DisplayPort Connector
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
Pin 
Number20-pin Side of the 
Con
nected Signal Cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3(n)
4 GNDDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  195 ML3(p)
6 GND
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2(n)
10 ML0(n)
11 ML2(p)
12 ML0(p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1(n)
16 AUX(p)
17 ML1(p)
18 AUX(n)
19 GND
20 +3.3 V DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Pin 
Number19-pin Side of the 
Con
nected Signal Cable
TMDS DATA 2+
TMDS DATA 2 SHIELDTMDS DATA 2-
TMDS DATA 1+
TMDS DATA 1 SHIELDTMDS DATA 1-
TMDS DATA 0+
TMDS DATA 0 SHIELDTMDS DATA 0-
TMDS CLOCK+
TMDS CLOCK SHIELDTMDS CLOCK-
CEC
Reserved (N.C. on device)
DDC CLOCK (SCL)
DDC DATA (SDA)DDC/CEC Ground
+5V POWER
HOT PLUG DETECT
20  |  About Your MonitorHDMI Connector
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
1819Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  21Plug and Play Capability
You can install the monitor in any Plug and Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its Extended Display Identification Data 
(EDID) using Display Data Channel (DDC) prot ocols so the system can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most mo nitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .
Universal Serial Bu s (USB) Interface
This section gives you information about the USB ports that are available on the monitor.
Transfer Speed Data Rate Power Consumption*
Super-speed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
High speed 480 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 4.5 W (Max, each port) NOTE: This monitor is Super-Speed USB 3.0 compatible.
* Up to 2A on USB downstream port (port with  battery icon) with BC1.2 
compliance devices or normal USB devices.
USB Upstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
VCC
D-D+
GND
SSTX-SSTX+
GND
SSRX-SSRX+1
23
4
5
6
7
89
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22  |  About Your MonitorUSB Downstream Connector
Pin Number 9-pin Side of the Connector
VCC
2 D-
3 D+
4 GND
5 SSRX-
6 SSRX+
7 GND
8 SSTX-
9 SSTX+
USB Ports
•1 x USB 3.0 upstream - bottom
•2 x USB 3 .0 downstream - bottom
•2 x  USB 3.0 downstream - side
•Power Charging Port - the port with  battery icon; supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC1.2 compatible.
 NOTE: USB 3.0 funct ionality requires a USB 3.0-capable computer.
 NOTE: The mon itor's USB interface works only  when the monitor is On or in the 
power save mode. If you turn Off the monitor and then turn it On, the attached 
peripherals may take a few second s to resume normal functionality.
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD Monitor manufacturing proce ss, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging st ate which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usabilit y. For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .1
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  About Your Monitor  |  23Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
 CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
 WARNING:  Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from 
the electrical outlet.
For best practices, follow the instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, or 
handling your monitor:
•To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tiss ue or solution suitable for the anti-
static coating. Do not use benzene, th inner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or 
compressed air.
•Use a lightly-dampened, warm cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using 
detergent of any kind as some deterg ents leave a milky film on the monitor.
•If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a 
cloth.
•Handle your monitor with care as a da rker-colored monitor may get scratched 
and show white scuff marks more than a lighter-colored monitor.
•To help maintain the best image qualit y on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn O ff your monitor when not in use.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24  |  Setting Up the MonitorSetting Up the Monitor
Attaching the Stand
 NOTE: The stan d is detached when the mo nitor is shipped from the factory.
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective st and setup guide for the setup instructions.
 CAU TION: Do not remove the monitor fr om the packaging box before attaching 
the stand.
To attach the monitor stand:
1Follo w the instructions on the flaps of carton to remove the stand from the top 
cushion that secures it.
2Insert the sta nd base blocks fully into the stand slot.
3Lif t the screw handle and turn the screw clockwise.
4Afte r fully tightening the screw, fold the screw handle flat within the recess.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  255Lift the cover, as shown, to expose the VESA area for stand assembly.
6Attach the stand as sembly to the monitor.
aFit the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of the 
monitor.
bPress the stand down till it snaps into place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26  |  Setting Up the Monitor7Place the monitor upright.
aSlide one hand in the cutout area on  the bottom cushion and use the other 
hand to hold the stand.
bLift the monitor carefully to prevent it from slipping or falling.
 CAUTION: Do not press on the pane l screen when l ifting the monitor.
8 Re move the cover from the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  27Connecting Your Monitor
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
 NOTE: Do not connect all cables to the computer at the same time.
To connect your monitor to the computer:
1T urn Off your computer an d disconnect the power cable.  
Connect the DP/Mini-DP to DP/HDMI cable fr om your monitor to the computer.
Connecting the HDMI cable (Optional Purchase)
Connecting the DisplayPort  (Mini-DP to DP) cable
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28  |  Setting Up the MonitorConnecting the DisplayPort (DP to DP) cable (Optional Purchase)
 CAUTION: The graphics are used for the pu rpose of illustration only. Appearance 
of the computer may vary.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  29Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
After you have completed connecting the DP/Mini-DP to DP/HDMI cable, follow the 
procedures below to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the co mputer and complete your 
monitor setup:
1Connect the upstr eam USB 3.0 port (cable su pplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port 
on your computer.
2Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the do wnstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3Plu g the power cables for your comput er and monitor into a nearby outlet.
4Turn On the monitor and the computer.  
If your monitor displays an image, installati on is complete. If it does not display an 
image, see Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems .
5Use the ca ble slot on the monitor stand to organize the cables.
Organizing Your Cables
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (See Connecting Your 
Monitor  for cable attachment,) organi ze all cables as shown above.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30  |  Setting Up the MonitorRemoving the Monitor Stand
 NOTE: To prevent scratches on the LCD scre en while removing the stand, ensure 
that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective st and setup guide for the setup instructions
.
To remove the stand:
1Place the mon itor on a soft cloth or cushion.
2Pr ess and hold the stand release button.
3Lif t the stand up and away from the monitor.
Wall Mounting (Optional)
(Screw dimension: M4 x 10 mm).
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
1Place the mon itor panel on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
2Remove the stand.
3Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remo ve the four screws securing the plastic 
cover.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Setting Up the Monitor  |  314Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
5Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
wall mounting kit.
 NOTE: For use only with UL-listed wall moun t bracket with minimum weight/load 
bearing capacity of 3.70 kg.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32  |  Operating the MonitorOperating the Monitor
Power On the Monitor
Press the 
  button to turn On the monitor.
Using the Front Panel Controls
The front panel control buttons provide quick access to primary software functionalities 
for controlling the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  33The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key/
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset color modes.
2
Shortcut key/
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of video signals that may 
be connected to your monitor.
2
MenuUse the MENU  button to launch the On-Screen Display 
(OSD). See Accessing the Menu System .
3
ExitUse this button to exit the OSD main menu.
4
Power
(with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white light indicates the monitor is On and  fully 
functional. A glowing white light indicates the power save mode.
Front Panel Button
Use the buttons on the fr ont of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
Front Panel Button Description
1
UpUse the Up button to adjust (increase ranges) items in the OSD menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34  |  Operating the MonitorUsing the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
 NOTE: If you change the settings and then eith er proceed to another menu or exit 
the OSD menu, the monitor automatically saves those changes. The changes are 
also saved if you change the settings and then wait for the OSD menu to disappear.
1Pr ess the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.
2Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between the setting options. As you move 
from one icon to another, the option name  is highlighted. See  the following table 
for a complete list of all the options available for the monitor.
3Pr ess the 
  button once to activate  the highlighted option.
4Pr ess 
  and 
  button to select the desired parameter.
5Pr ess 
  to enter the submenu and then use the 
  and 
  buttons, according to 
the indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
6Sele ct the 
  button to return to the main menu.2
DownUse the Down  button to adjust (decrease ranges) items in the OSD 
menu.
3
OKUse the OK button to confirm your selection.
4
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  35Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight.
Press the 
  button to increase the brightness and press the 
  
button to decrease the brightness (min. 0 / max. 100).
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when Dynamic 
Contrast is switched On.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust the Contrast  only if further 
adjustment is necessary.
Press the 
  button to increase the contrast and press the 
  button 
to decrease the contrast (min. 0 / max. 100).
The Con trast function adjusts the degree of difference between 
darkness and lightness on the monitor screen.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36  |  Operating the MonitorInput Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between the different video 
signals that may be connected to your monitor.
DP Select the DP input when you are using the DisplayPort (DP) 
connector.
mDP Select the mDP  input when you are using the Mini DisplayPort (mDP) 
connector.
HDMI Select the HDMI  input when you are using the HDMI connector.
Auto Select Turning on the function allows you to scan for available input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceReset your monitor input settings to the factory settings.
Color Use Color to adjust the color setting mode.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  37Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard , 
ComfortView , Movie, Game , Color Temp. ,or Custom Color  from the 
list.
•S t a n d a r d : Loads the monitor's default color settings. This is the 
default preset mode.
•C o m f o r t V i e w : Decr eases the level of the blue light emitted from 
the screen to make viewing more comfortable for your eyes.
•M o v i e : Loads color settings ideal for movies.
•G a m e : Lo ads color settings ideal fo r most gaming applications.
•C o l o r  T e m p . : Allo ws users to select the color temperature: 5000K, 
5700K, 6500K, 7500K, 9300K, and 10000K.
• Custom Color : Allows you to manua lly adjust the R, G, B color 
settings. 
Press the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the R, G, B colors values and 
create your own preset color mode.
NOTE: To reduce the risk of eye stra in and neck/arm/back/shoulders 
pain from using the monitor for long periods of time, we suggest you:
•se t the screen about 20 to 28 inches (50-70 cm) from your eyes.
•blink frequently to moisten or rewet your eyes when working 
with the monitor.
•take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes every two hours.
•look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant object at 20 
feet away for at least 20 seconds during the breaks.
•perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck/arm/back/
shoulders during the breaks.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38  |  Operating the MonitorInput Color 
Forma
tAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB : S elect this option if your monito r is connected to  a computer (or 
DVD player) using an HDMI cable (or DisplayPort cable).
YPbPr : S elect this option if your DVD player supports only YPbPr 
output.
Hue This feature can shift the color of the video image to green or purple. This is used to adjust the desired flesh tone color. Use 
 or 
  to 
adjust the hue from '0' to '100'.
Use 
  to increase the purple shade of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the green shade of the video image.
NOTE: Hue adjustment is available only when you select Movie  or 
Game  preset mode.
Saturation This feature can adjust the color saturation of the video image. Use 
 or 
  to adjust the saturation from '0' to '100'.
Use 
  to increase the colorful appearance of the video image.
Use 
  to increase the monochrome appearance of the video image.
NOTE: Saturation  adjustment is available only when you select Movie  
or Game  preset mode.
Reset Color Resets your monitor color settings to the factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  39Display Use Display to adjust images.
Aspect Ratio Adjusts the image ratio to Wide 16:9 , 4:3, or 5:4 .
Sharpness This feature can make the image look sharper or softer. Use 
  or 
  
to adjust the sharpness from '0' to '100'.
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of  contrast to provide sharper and 
more detailed image quality.
Press the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  "On" or " Off".
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you select 
Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
Smart HDR HDR is short for High Dynamic Rang e. This technology simulates the 
human visual system to process a wider range of luminosity than 
traditional imaging technique can do. It  is most suitable for displaying 
images with a large amount of darkness or bright scenes.
NOTE: This function is only available when an HDMI signal is 
detected. While the monitor is processing HDR content, Preset Modes  
Brightness , and  Dynamic Contrast  will be disabled. The following 
message appears if you press the Preset Modes  shortcut key on the 
front panel.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40  |  Operating the MonitorNOTE: The possible peak luminance during HDR mode is 550-nit . 
The actual value and
 duration during HDR playback might vary 
according to the video content.
Reset Display Select this option to restore default display settings.
Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, the 
languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu remains on screen, and so on.
Language Sets the OSD display to one of the eight languages (English, Spanish, 
French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, or 
Japanese).
Rotation Rotates the OSD by 90 degrees counter-clockwise. You can adjust the menu according to your 
Display Rotation .
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by pressing the 
 and 
  buttons (Minimum: 0 ~ Maximum: 100).
Timer Sets the length of time the OSD will remain active after the last time you pressed a button.
Use 
 or 
  to adjust the slider in 1 second increments, from 5 to 60 
seconds.
Reset Menu Resets all OSD settings to the factory preset values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  41Personalize
Shortcut Key 1/
Shortcut Key 2Users can choose a feature from Preset Modes , Brightness/Contrast , 
Input Source, Aspect Ratio, Smart HDR, or Rotation  and set it as a 
shortcut key.
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the power LED indicator On or Off when the 
monitor is active to save energy.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor standby mode.
NOTE: USB On/Off During Standby mode is only available when the 
USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will be greyed out when 
the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Monitor Sleep Allows you to let the monitor turn off automatically or stay on when 
your computer goes into sleep mode. When Enable  is selected, the 
monitor goes to sleep as the system sleeps; when Disable is selected, 
you may prevent the screen from going off as the system sleeps for speedy display recovery  from PC wake up.
Reset 
Personaliza -
tionReset all settings under the Personalize  menu to the factory preset 
values.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42  |  Operating the MonitorOthers
Display Info Displays the monitor's current settings.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Comma nd Interface) allows your 
monitor parameters (brightness, color balance, and etc.) to be 
adjustable via the software on your computer.  
You can disable this feature by selecting Off. 
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum perf
ormance of your monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  43 NOTE: This moni tor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness 
to compensate for LED aging.
OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
the manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
When the monitor does not support a partic ular resolution mode, you will see the 
following message:LCD 
Condition
ingHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on the 
degree of image retention, the program may take some time to run. You can enable this feature by selecting On.
Firmware Displays the current firmware version.
Reset Others Resets all settings under the Others  menu to the factory preset values.
Factory Reset Resets all settings to the factory preset values.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44  |  Operating the Monitor NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with t he signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor.  Recom mended mode is 3840 x 2160.
You will see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
When the monitor enters the Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
If you press any button other than the powe r button, the following me ssage will appear 
depending on the selected input:
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  45 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
If either DP, mDP, or HDMI input is se lected  and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
See Troubleshooting  for more information.
Setting the Maximum Resolution
To set the maximum resolution for the monitor:
In Windows® 7, Windows® 8, and Windows® 8.1:
1For Windows® 8 and Windows® 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic 
desktop.
2Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
3Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3840 x 2160 .
4Click OK.
In Windows® 10:
1Right-click on the desktop and click Display settings .
2Click Ad vanced display settings .
3Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 3840 x 2160 .
4Click Ap ply.
If you do not see 3840 x 2160 as an option, yo u may need to update your graphics driver. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46  |  Operating the MonitorDepending on your computer, complete  one of the following procedures:
If you have a Dell desktop or portable computer:
•Go to http://www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the 
latest driver for your graphics card.
If you are using a non-Dell comp uter (portable or desktop):
•Go to the support site for your computer  and download the latest graphic drivers.
•Go to your graphics card website an d download the latest graphic drivers.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  47Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
 NOTE: This is applicable for a moni tor wi th a stand. When any other stand is 
bought, please refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt and swivel the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
 NOTE: The stan d is detached when the mo nitor is shipped from the factory.
Vertical Extension
 NOTE: The stand extends vertically up to 13 0 mm. The figure below illustrates how 
to extend the stand vertically.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48  |  Operating the MonitorRotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monito r should be fully vertically extended ( Vertical 
Extension ) and fully tilted up to avoid hitt ing the bottom edge of the monitor.
Rotate clockwise
Rotate counterclockwise
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operating the Monitor  |  49 NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (L andscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included 
with this monitor. To download  the graphics driver, go to www.dell.com/support 
and see the Download  section for Video Drivers  for latest driver updates.
 NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode , you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive ap plications (3D Gaming and etc.).
Adjusting the Rotation Disp lay Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your system.
 NOTE: If you are using the monitor with a no n-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer  manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the 'contents' on your display.
To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
1Right-click on the desktop and click Properties .
2Select the Settings  tab and click Advanced .
3If you have an ATI graphics card, select the Rotation  tab and set the preferred 
rotation.
4If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia  tab, in the left-hand column 
select NVRotate , and then select the preferred rotation.
5If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel  graphics tab, click Graphic  
Propertie s, select the Rotation  tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 NOTE: If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50  |  TroubleshootingTroubleshooting
 WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
1T urn off both your computer and the monitor.
2Un plug the video cable from the back of the computer.
3T urn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-s cr een (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, the power LED remains white. Also, depending up on the selected input, the dialog shown 
below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 NOTE: The message may be  slightly different  according to the connected input 
signal.
4This bo x also appears during normal syst em operation, if the video cable becomes 
disconnected or damaged.
5T urn Off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn On both your 
computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the pr evious pr ocedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because yo ur monitor is functioning properly.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  51Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent  problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
 NOTE: Y ou can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged 
and the monitor is in self-test mode .
To run the built-in diagnostics:
1Ensur e that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
2Unp lug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
then goes into the self-test mode.
3Pr ess and hold Button 1  on the front panel for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.
4Care fully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
5Pr ess Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
6Inspect the display  for any abnormalities.
7Repeat ste ps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white and text 
screens.
The test is complete when the text  screen appe ars. To exit, press Button 1  again.
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon us ing the built-in diagnostic tool, the 
monitor is functioning properly. C heck the video card and computer.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52  |  TroubleshootingCommon Problems
The following table contains general info rmation about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor and the 
computer is properly connected and secure.
•Verify that the power outlet is functioning properly using 
any other electrical equipment.
•Ensure that the power button is pressed fully.
•Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input 
Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no brightness •Increase brightness & cont rast controls via OSD.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
•Ensure that the correct input source is selected in the Input 
Source  menu.
Poor Focus Picture is fuzzy, 
blurry, or 
ghosting•Eliminate video extension cables.
•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Change the video resolution to the correct aspect ratio.
Shaky/Jittery 
VideoWavy picture or fine movement •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Check environmental factors.
•Relocate the monitor and test in another room.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•Cycle power On-Off.
•Pixel that is permanently Off is a natural defect that can 
occur in LCD technology.
•For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has bright spots •Cycle power On-Off.
•Pixel that is permanently off is a natural defect that can 
occur in LCD technology.
•For more information on Dell Monitor Quality and Pixel 
Policy, see Dell Support site at: http://www.dell.com/
support/monitors .
Brightness Problems Picture too dim or too bright •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Geometric 
DistortionScreen not centered 
correctly•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Adjust horizontal & vertical controls via OSD.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting  |  53Horizontal/
Vertical LinesScreen has one or more lines •Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check and determine if 
these lines are also in self-test mode.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
Synchronization 
ProblemsScreen is scrambled or 
appears torn•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the 
scrambled screen appears in self-test mode.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
•Restart the computer in the safe mode .
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of smoke or sparks •Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor malfunctions on & off•Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly and is secure.
•Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•Perform monitor self-test feature check to determine if the 
intermittent problem occurs in self-test mode.
Missing Color Picture missing color •Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•Ensure that the video cable connecting the monitor to the 
computer is connected properly and is secure.
•Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable connector.
Wrong Color Picture color not 
good•Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the Color menu 
OSD depending on the application.
•Adjust R/G/B value under Custom Color  in Color menu 
OSD.
•Change the Input Color Format  to RGB or YPbPr in the 
Color menu OSD.
•Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the screen•Use the Power Management feature to turn off the monitor 
at all times when not in use (for more information, see 
Power Management Modes ).
•Alternatively, use a dynamically changing screensaver.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is centered on scre
en, but does 
not fill entire viewing area•Check the Aspect Ratio  se
 tting in the Display menu OSD.
•R eset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust th
e monitor 
with the 
buttons on the 
front panelOSD does not ap
pear on the 
screen•T urn Off the monitor, unplug the power cord, plug it back, 
and then turn On the monitor.
No Input Signal w
hen user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, the 
LED li
ght is white•Check the signal source. Ensure the computer is not in the 
power saving mode by moving the mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•Check 
whether the signal cable is plugged in properly. Re-
plug the signal cable if necessary.
•R eset the computer or video player.
The picture 
does not
 fill the 
entire screenThe picture can
not fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•D ue to different video formats (aspect ratio) of DVDs, the 
monitor may display in full screen.
•Run t he built-in diagnostics.
54  |  TroubleshootingProduct Specific ProblemsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
USB interface is 
not workingUSB peripherals are not working•Check 
that your monitor is turned On.
•Reconnect the up stream cable to your computer.
•Reconnect the USB p eripherals (downstream connector).
•S witch Off and then turn On the monitor again.•Re
boot the computer.
•S ome USB devices like external portable HDD require higher 
electric current; connect the device directly to the 
computer system.
High Speed US
B 3.0 
interface is 
slowHigh Speed USB 
3.
0 peripherals 
working slowly or 
not working at all•Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
•S ome computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and USB 1.1 ports. 
Ensure that the correct USB port is used.
•Reconnect the up stream cable to your computer.
•Reconnect the USB p eripherals (downstream connector).
•Re boot the computer.
Wireless mouse 
is
 not working 
or laggingDo not respond or responds
 
slowly•I ncrease the distance between the USB 3.0 peripherals and 
the wireless USB receiver.
•Position your wireless USB r eceiver as close as possible to 
the wireless mouse.
•U se a USB-extender cable to position the wireless USB 
receiver as far away as possible from the USB 3.0 port.
Troubleshooting  |  55Universal Serial Bus (U SB) Specific Problems
Speakers Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
Expe
riencePossible Solutions
No sound 
coming from 
the speakersCannot hear any 
sound•T urn Off the monitor, unplug the monitor power cord, 
replug it, and then turn On the monitor. 
•Check the audio cable connection is connected correctly 
to the computer Audio Line Out port.
•U nplug the audio cable from the Audio Line Out port.
•R eset the monitor to factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56  |  AppendixAppendix
WARNING:  Safety Instructions
 WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustment s, or procedures other than those 
specified in this documentation may result  in exposure to shock, electrical 
hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety in structions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. Only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory info rmation, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contact Dell
For customers in the United States , call 800-WWW-DELL (800-999-3355).
 NOTE: If you do not have an active Inter net connection, you can find contact 
information on your purchase invoice, pa cking slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
•Online technical assistance ─ www.dell.com/support/monitors
•Contacting Dell ─ www.dell.com/contactdell
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model: UP3218K
Regulatory model: UP3218KtDell UltraSharp UP3218K
User’s GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  NOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of 
your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of data if 
instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal 
injury, or death.
Copyright © 2017 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.  This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. 
Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. 
All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2017 – 03   Rev. A00Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents
About Your Monitor  ..................................... 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Product Features  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Identifying Parts and Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Monitor Specifications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Plug-and-Play . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
Setting Up the Monitor .................................. 18
Attaching the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . . . 20
Connecting Your Monitor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
Organizing Your Cables . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Removing the Monitor Stand . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Wall Mounting (Optional) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Operating the Monitor .................................. 26
Turning on the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Troubleshooting  ....................................... 42
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
         Contents       |    3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4   |      Contents       Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
Common Problems . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 44
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
Appendix  .............................................. 47
Safety Instructions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 47
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory Information  . . . . . . . . 47
Contacting Dell  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  47
Setting Up Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 48
Maintenance Guidelines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    5About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have 
received all the components and contact Dell  if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Monitor 
Stand
Power cable (varies by country)
DP cable (DP to DP)  
x 2 pcsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6    |       About Your Monitor
   USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables 
the USB ports on the monitor)
   Cleaning cloth
•	Drivers and documentation media 
•	Quick Setup Guide
•	Safety and Regulatory Information
•	Factory Calibration Report 
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp  UP3218K  monitor has an active matrix, TFT-LCD (Color Active 
Matrix Liquid Crystal Display with a (WLED) The matrix employs Oxide Thin Film 
Transistor as the active element)  and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
•	80.01 cm (31.5-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) QUHD 7680 x 4320 
resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•	Wide viewing angles with Adobe RGB 100%, DCI 98% color.
•	Tilt, swivel, pivot and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
•	Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•	Ultra-thin bezel minimizes the bezel gap in multi-monitor usage, enabling easier 
set up with an elegant viewing experience.
•	Dual DP to support 7680 x 4320 @ 60Hz.
•	Support for Displayport version DP1.4.
•	Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•	On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
•	Software and documentation media includes an information file (INF), Image 
color Matching File (ICM), Dell Display Manager software application and product 
documentation. Dell Display Manager included (comes in the CD attached with the 
monitor).
•	Security lock slot.
•	Asset Management Capability.
•	Energy Star Compliant.
•	EPEAT Gold Compliant.
•	RoHS compliant.
•	BFR/PVC Free monitor (excluding cables).
•	Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury Free for Panel only.
•	Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.
•	0.5 W standby power when in the sleep mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    7Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8    |       About Your Monitor
Back View            
                               
                                      
Label Description Use
1 VESA mountiong holes (100 mm 
x 100 mm-behind attached VESA 
cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 
mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Barcode, serial number, and Service 
Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact 
Dell for technical support.
5 LED touch PAD Stand is fixed while DELL Logo light on.
6 Cable management hole Use to organize cables by placing them 
through the hole.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    9Bottom View
  
  
Label Description Use
1 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock (sold 
separately) .
2 AC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
3a DisplayPort in connector 
1Connect both connectors to your computer with a 
pair of:
•	DP to DP cables
for 8K4K (max.) resolution.
8K4K
(max)3b DisplayPort in connector 
2
4 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming 
through DP audio channels.
Only supports 2-channel audio.
NOTE: The audio line-out port does not support 
headphones.
WARNING: Excessive sound pressure from 
earphones or headphones can cause hearing 
damage or loss.
5 USB upstream port Connect the USB cable that comes with your 
monitor to the computer. Once this cable is 
connected, you can use the USB downstream 
connectors on the monitor.
6a,6b USB downstream ports (4) Connect your USB devices. * 
You can only use these connectors after you have 
connected the USB cable to the computer and 
USB upstream connector on the monitor.
(Port with 
  battery  icon is for BC 1.2).
7 Stand lock Lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
screw (screw not included).
* It is recommended to use either the port ( 6b) for your wireless USB device whenever 
possible.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10    |       About Your Monitor
Monitor Specifications
Flat Panel Specifications
Screen type Color Active Matrix Liquid Crystal Display with a 
(WLED) - TFT LCD
Panel type In Plane Switching (IPS)
Viewable image
  Diagonal 80.01 cm (31.5 inches)
    Active Area
      Horizontal 698.1 mm ( 27.48  inches)
      Vertical 392.7  mm  ( 15.46  inches)
  Area 274143.9  mm2 (424.84  inches2)
Pixel pitch 0.0303 mm x 0.0909 mm
Viewing angle
   Horizontal 178° (typical)
   Vertical 178° (typical)
Luminance output 400 cd/m² (Center 1 Point, typical)
Contrast ratio 1300 to 1 (typical)
Faceplate coating Anti-Reflective treatment of the front polarizer (2H)
Backlight LED 
Response Time 8 ms ( normal ), 6 ms ( fast)
Color depth 10-bit 1.07 Billion  colors
Color gamut Adobe RGB 100%,  sRGB 100%, REC709 100%, DCI 
98%
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 90 kHz
Vertical scan range 59 Hz to 61 Hz
Maximum preset resolution 7680 x 4320 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities 
(DP playback)480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p,  
2160p, 4320pDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    11Preset Display Modes
Display Mode Horizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
800 x 600  37.9 60.0 40.0 +/+
800 x 600 46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
1024 x 768 60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
1152 x 864  67.5 75.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 800   49.3 60.0 71.0 +/+
1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
1600 x 1200   75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 193.5 +/+
2048 x 1080 26.3 24.0 26.3 +/-
2048 x 1080 66.7 60.0 66.6 +/-
2560 x 1440 88.8 60.0 241.5 +/-
3840 x 2160 133.3 60.0 533.3 +/-
7680 x 4320 266.6 60.0 2089.8 +/-
* To display 7680 x 4320 at 60 Hz, both DP1 and DP2 must be connected to the same 
graphics card. DP source’s graphics card must be DP1.4 certified and Tile display 
feature, capable of supporting resolution up to 7680 x 4320 at 60Hz and its driver 
supports DisplayID v1.3.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12    |       About Your Monitor
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals •	Digital video signal for each differential line  
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance
•	DP signal input support
Input voltage/ frequency/current 100-240 VAC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 2.1 A 
(maximum)
Inrush current 120 V: 40 A (Max.)
240 V: 80 A (Max.)
Physical Characteristics
Connector type •	DP connector x 2
•	Audio line-out
•	USB 3.0 upstream port connector
•	USB 3.0 downstream port connector x 4
(Port with 
  battery icon is for BC 1.2)
Signal cable type DP to DP 1.8 M cable
USB 3.0 1.8 M cable
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 618.0 mm (24.33 inches)
Height (compressed) 498.4 mm (19.62 inches)
Width 720.5 mm (28.37 inches)
Depth 222.0  mm (8.74 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 421.2 mm (16.58 inches)
Width 720.5 mm (28.37 inches)
Depth 53.2 mm (2.10 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 479.0 mm (18.85 inches)
Height (compressed) 441.4 mm(17.38 inches)
Width 333.4 mm (13.13 inches)
Depth 222.0  mm (8.74 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 17.0 kg (37 .48 lb)
Weight with stand assembly 
and cables10.9 kg (24 .03 lb)
Weight without stand assembly 
(For wall mount or VESA mount 
considerations - no cables)6.9 kg (15 .21 lb)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    13Weight of stand assembly 3.6 kg (7.94 lb)
Environmental Characteristics
Temperature
 Operating 0°C to 35°C (32°F to 95°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
 Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation 426.7 BTU/hour (maximum)
296.8 BTU/hour (typical)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14    |       About Your Monitor
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA’s DPM-compliant video card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is 
referred to as power save mode*. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 125 W (maximum)**  
87 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Off White
(blinking slowly)Less than 0.5 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W
Energy Star Power Consumption
PON 105.2  W***
ETEC 325.45 kWh****
The OSD operates only in the normal operation mode. If you press any button in the 
active-off mode, one of the following message is displayed:   
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse or wake it up.
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select the correct
input source.
No DP 1 signal from your device.
UP3218K
*Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting 
the AC mains cable from the monitor.
**Maximum power consumption with maximum luminance.
***Power consumption of on mode as defined in Energy Star 7.0 version.
****Total energy consumption in kWh as defined in Energy Star 7.0 version.
This document is informational only and reflects laboratory performance. Your product 
may perform differently, depending on the software, components and peripherals you 
ordered and shall have no obligation to update such information. Accordingly, the 
customer should not rely upon this information in making decisions about electrical 
tolerances or otherwise. No warranty as to accuracy or completeness is expressed or 
implied.
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.
 NOTE: This monitor is ENERGY STAR -compliant. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    15Pin Assignments
DP connector   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(n)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 AUX CH (p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 Return
20 DP_PWRDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16    |       About Your Monitor
Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
NOTE:  Up to 2 A on USB downstream port (port 
  with battery  icon) with BC 1.2 
compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 3 USB downstream ports.
Your computer has the following USB ports:
•	1 upstream - bottom  
•	4 downstream - 4 at bottom  
Power Charging Port - the one on the left side (Port with 
  battery  icon); 
supports fast current charging capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in the power 
save mode. If you turn off the monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals 
may take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption
SuperSpeed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
USB upstream port
 USB downstream port
Pin number Signal name Pin number Signal name
1 VBUS 1 VBUS
2 D- 2 D-
3 D+ 3 D+
4 GND 4 GND
5 StdB_SSTX- 5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdB_SSTX+ 6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN 7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdB_SSRX- 8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdB_SSRX+ 9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield Shell ShieldDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   About Your Monitor        |    17Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data 
(EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usability. For more information on LCD Monitor Pixel Policy, see 
Dell support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Attaching the Stand
    NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is shipped
         from the factory.
    NOTE:  The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased
         any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
    CAUTION: Place monitor of a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching the
           display panel. 
    
   
 To attach the monitor stand:
    1  Remove the monitor protective cover and place the monitor with its front facing     
        downward on it.
    2  Insert the stand to the groove on the back of the monitor.
    3  Press the stand down till it snaps into its place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    19Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
   NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. If you purchased any other
        stand, refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
                          
  NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended and fully 
tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20    |       Setting Up the Monitor
  NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included with 
this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to  www.dell.com/support  and see 
the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates. 
  NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
 NOTE:  If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2   Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3   If you have an AMD graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.
   4   If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.
   5   If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
 
 NOTE:  If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card. 
Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions . 
    To connect your monitor to the computer:
         1    Turn off your computer.
         2    Connect the DP-DP /USB cable from your monitor to the computer. (Vertically 
extend and  tilt the monitor completely to rotate it for cable connection. See 
Rotating the Monitor .)
         3    Switch on your monitor. 
         4    Select the correct input source at Monitor OSD Menu and turn on your
               computer.           
  NOTE:  UP3218K  default setting is DP 1.4. some older DP 1.2 Graphic card may not  
       display normally. Please refer to “ product specific problems – No image when using 
DP connection to the PC ” to change default setting.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    21Connecting the DP cables
1. Connection Guide for 8K4K 60Hz (max.) Resolution with AMD or 
nVidia Graphics Cards (Two DP Cables)
1. Follow the connection guide below for 
DP cables connection.
2. Turn On the monitor by pressing the 
power on/off button.3. Power up/ Boot up the computer system.
4. During BIOS/Post mode, you may 
observed a stretch screen content.
5. Change resolution if necessary up to 7680 
x 4320 60Hz.
•Recomme nded list of cards: 
nVidia GeForce series : GTX1070/1080, 
Quadro series : P5000/6000.
AMD Radeon series : RX480.  
Ensure the graphics card has 2 or more DP outputs.
•Graphics card requirement:  
With two DP  ports that are comp liant to DP1.4 support 
HBR3,  Disp layID 1.3 supporting Tile Display feature. 
•AMD driver version:
revision later than 17.10 or later
http://support.amd.com/en-us/download
•nVidia driver version :
revision later than 381.xx or later
http://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.aspx?lang=en-us
Troubleshootin g
•To speed up monitor
initialization, disable monitor
Sleep by OSD (Menu>Energy
Settings>Monitor Sleep> Disable).
2.8K4K resolution changed afte r
recovery from PC standby /
Hibernate/ Reboot :
•In certain cases, graphics card
may not detect the monitor
properly when the monitor goesto sleep.
•Disable monitor Sleep by OSD
(Menu > Energy Settings >
Monitor Sleep > Disable).
•Reboot PC.1.BIOS/Post screen is not observed,  
black screen during BIOS/Post,  
long period of black screen when 
monitor wake from sleep :
3.Cannot achieve or image unstable  
at 8k4k resolution:
•Ensure your graphics card is 
capable to support 8k4k.•Un-install the old graphics driver(Device Manager -> Display Adaptor 
-> uninstall) before installing the 
new driver.
•Use only the in-box DP cables for connection to your PC.  
Non-DP certiﬁed or low quality 
DP cable may degrade signal 
integrity/bandwidth, resulting in reduced performance.
•Connect only DP1 on the monitor to 
any DP port of the graphics card.  
Power up the monitor and PC 
system. After getting a stable 
image(eg 8k4k resolution), connect DP2 of monitor to another 
DP port of the same graphics card.
A
BDP –D P cabl e
Connect DP1 port on 
monitor to any of DP port 
on graphics card
DP –D P cable 
Connect DP2 port on 
monitor to any of DP port 
on the same graphics cardDP1 DP2
Graphics card with DP ports
B
A
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22    |       Setting Up the Monitor
2. Connection Guide for 8K4K 30Hz (max.) Resolution (Single DP 
Cable)
1. Follow the connection guide below for 
DP cables connection.
2. Turn On the monitor by pressing the 
power on/off button.3. Power up/ Boot up the computer or 
notebook.
4. Change resolution if necessary up to 7680 
x 4320 30Hz.
Troubleshootin g
•To speed up monitor
initialization, disable monitor
Sleep by OSD (Menu>Energy
Settings>Monitor Sleep> Disable).
2.Black screen :
•Ensure the graphics card supportDP1.4 (older DP1.1 version is not
supported by UP3218K).1.BIOS/Post screen is not observed,  
black screen during BIOS/Post,  
long period of black screen when 
monitor wake from sleep :
3.Cannot achieve or image unstable  
at 8k4k resolution:
•Ensure your graphics card is 
capable to support 8k4k.
•Use only the in-box DP cables for connection to your PC.  Non-DP certiﬁed or low quality 
DP cable may degrade signal 
integrity/bandwidth, resulting in 
reduced performance.•Recomme nded list of cards:  
nVidia GeForce series : GTX1070/1080, 
Quadro series : P5000/6000.
AMD Radeon series : RX480.  
Ensure the graphics card has 2 or more 
DP outputs.
•Graphics card requirement:  
With two DP  ports that are comp liant to 
DP1.4 support 
HBR3,  Disp layID 1.3 supporting Tile 
Display feature. 
•AMD driver version:
revision later than 17.10 or later
http://support.amd.com/en-us/download
•nVidia driver version:
revision later than 381.xx or later
http://www.nvidia.com/Download/index.
aspx?lang=en-us•Graphics card requirement:  
Single DP port that is compliant to
DP1.4 support HBR3.
DP1 DP21.Notebook with DP port
C D
C DP –D P cable (1x)
Use one of  the DP –DP 
cables to connect  DP 
port on moni tor to the DP 
port on notebookD
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    23Connecting the USB 3.0 cable
After you have completed connecting the DP-DP cables, follow the procedure below to 
connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and complete your monitor setup:
1. Connect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port 
on your computer.
2. Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the downstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3. Plug the power cables for your computer and monitor into nearby outlet.
4. Turn On the monitor and the computer.
       If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display an 
image, see Troubleshooting .
USB
 CAUTION:  The graphics are used for the purpose of illustration only. Appearance of 
the computer may vary.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Organizing Your Cables 
  
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connecting 
Your Monitor  for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the 
stand,  make sure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you 
purchased any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to 
set it up.
To remove the stand:
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
    2    Press and hold the stand-release button. 
    3    Lift the stand up and away from the monitor. 
 
   Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Setting Up the Monitor        |    25Wall Mounting (Optional)
  
                         
                 
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
    2    Remove the stand.
    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the   
          plastic cover.
    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
           wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 6.9 kg (15 .21 lb).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26    |       Operating the Monitor
Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the  
 button to turn on the monitor. 
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows 
the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    27The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front- Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key: 
Brightness/ContrastUse this button to directly access the “Brightness/
Contrast” bar.
3
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
4
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen 
display (OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System .
5
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit 
the OSD main menu.
6
Power (with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and 
Off.
The white LED indicates the monitor is On and fully 
functional.
A glowing white LED indicates DPMS Power Save 
Mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28    |       Operating the Monitor
Front- Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
 
Front Panel Button Description
1
      
           
   
 
        Up             DownUse the Up (increase) and Down  (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back  button to go back to the previous menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    29Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
75%75%
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted. 
  3   Press the 
  or 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
  6   Select the 
  to return to previous menu or  
  o accept and return to previous 
        menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
DisplayInput Source
75%75%
 Menu
 Personalize
 Others
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
NOTE: Manual adjustment of Brightness  is disabled when 
Dynamic Contrast  is switched on.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  only if 
further adjustment is necessary. 
Press the 
   button to increase contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease contrast (between 0 and 100).
Contrast adjusts the difference between darkness and 
lightness on the monitor.
Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between different 
video inputs that are be connected to your monitor. 
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersDP 2DP 1
Auto select
Reset Input SourceOn  Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    31Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DP 1 Select DP 1 input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort)  
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP 1 input source.
DP 2 Select DP 2 input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort)  
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP 2 input source.
Auto Select
Use 
  to select Auto Select , the monitor scans for available 
input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory 
defaults.
Color Use the Color  menu to adjust the color setting mode.
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersInput Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color Standard 
RGB
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Modes When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard, 
ComfortView, Movie, Game, Color Temp., Color Space,or 
Custom Color  from the list.
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersInput Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color Movie
GameComfortView
Color Temp.
Color Space
Custom ColorStandard
•	Standard:  Default color settings. This is the default preset 
mode. 
•	ComfortView: Decreases the level of blue light emitted from 
the screen to make viewing more comfortable for  your eyes.
•	Movie:  Ideal for movies.
•	Game:  Ideal for most gaming applications. 
•	Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow 
tint with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with 
slider set at 10,000K.
•	Color Space: Allows users to select the color space: Adobe 
RGB, sRGB, DCI-P3,  REC709, CAL1, CAL2 .
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersInput Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color 
CAL1 YYYY-MM-DD
YYYY-MM-DDAdobe RGB 
sRGB
DCI-P3
REC709
CAL2
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    33Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 –Adobe RGB:  This mode matches 100% Adobe RGB 
standard .
 –sRGB:  This mode matches 100% sRGB  standard .
 –DCI-P3:  This mode reproduces 98% of DCI-P3 digital 
cinema color standard.
 –REC709:  This mode matches 100% R EC709 standard. 
NOTE:  Accuracy of Adobe RGB , sRGB, DCI-P3, REC709, CAL1  
and CAL2  are optimized for RGB input color format. 
 
•	Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color    
settings. Press the  
  and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, 
Green, and Blue values and create your own preset color 
mode.
  Use the  
 and 
  buttons to select the Gain, Offset, Hue,        
  Saturation .
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Gain
Oﬀset
Hue
SaturationCustom Color
 –Gain:  Select it to adjust input RGB signal gain level 
(default value is 100).
 –Offset:  Select it to adjust RGB black-level offset value 
(default value is 50) to control your monitor base color.
 –Hue:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY hue value individually 
(default value is 50).
 –Saturation:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY saturation value 
individually (default value is 50).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
•	RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the DP to DP cable.
•	YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only 
YPbPr output.
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersInput Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color RGB
YPbPr
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    35Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Display  Use the Display  menu to adjust image. 
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersNormalSharpness
Response Time
Uniformity Compensation50Wide 16:9
CalibratedDynamic Contrast
Aspect Ratio
Reset Display
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9, Auto Resize, 4:3, or 1:1.
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Dynamic 
ContrastAllows you to increase the level of contrast to provide sharper 
and more detailed image quality.
Push the 
  button to select the Dynamic Contrast  “On”
or “Off”.
NOTE: For Game  and Movie  preset mode only.
NOTE: Dynamic Contrast  provides higher contrast if you 
select Game  or Movie  preset mode.
Response 
TimeAllows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen brightness and color uniformity compensation 
settings. Calibrated  is factory calibrated setting by default.
Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different areas of the screen 
with respect to the center to achieve uniform brightness and 
color over the entire screen.
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, 
the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu 
remains on screen, and so on.
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersEnglish
20
20 sTransparencyLanguage
Timer
Reset Menu
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, 
Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
 and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer  OSD Hold Time:  Sets the length of time the OSD remains 
active after you press a button.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    37Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
  Personalize Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input Source 
set as shortcut key.
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersOn During Active
OnPower Button LEDShortcut Key 3
Logo LED
Monitor SleepInput SourceBrightness/Contrast
EnablePreset Modes
Oﬀ During Standby USB
Shortcut Key 2
Reset PersonalizationShortcut Key 1
Power 
Button LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy.
Logo LED On: To light up the Dell logo light on the stand.
Off: To turn off the Dell logo light on the stand.
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor 
standby mode.
NOTE:  USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available 
when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will 
be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Monitor 
SleepSleep After Timeout : Monitor goes into sleep after timeout.
Never : Monitor never goes into sleep.
Reset
Persona-
lizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 
 Other
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersOﬀ
M2T101LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Reset OthersOnOn
 Auto Rotation
Factory ResetDisplay Info
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such as the 
DDC/CI , LCD conditioning , and so on.
Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
Auto 
RotationYou can adjust the menu according to your display rotation.
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows 
you to adjust the monitor settings using software on your 
computer.
Select Off to turn off this feature.
On this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersOﬀ LCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Reset OthersOnAuto Rotation
Factory ResetDisplay Info
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    39Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on 
the degree of image retention, the program may take some 
time to run. Select On to start the process. 
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
Color
Display
 MenuInput Source
 Personalize
 OthersLCD ConditioningDDC/CI
Firmware
Reset OthersOn
OﬀAuto Rotation
Factory ResetDisplay Info
Firmware Firmware version.
Reset Others Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI , to factory defaults.
Factory Reset Restores all OSD settings to the factory defaults.
   NOTE: This monitor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness
         to compensate for LED aging.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40    |       Operating the Monitor
OSD Warning Messages
When the Dynamic Contrast  feature is enabled (in these preset modes: Game  or Movie ), 
manual brightness adjustment is disabled.
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
To allow manual adjustment of brightness, the Dynamic Contrast will be
switched oﬀ.
Do you want to continue?
Yes No
UP3218K
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the 
following message:
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
The current input timing is not suppor ted by the monitor display. Plea se 
change your input timing to 
listed timing as per the monitor speciﬁcations. 7680x4320, 60 Hzor any other monitor
UP3218K
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 7680 x 4320.
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
The function of adjusting display setting using PC
application will be disabled.
Do you wish to disable DDC /CI function?
Yes No
UP3218K Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Operating the Monitor        |    41When the monitor enters the  Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Entering Power Save Mode . 
UP3218K
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse or wake it up.
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to select the correct
input source.
No DP 1 signal from your device.
UP3218K
If either DP 1, DP 2 input is selected and the corresponding cable is not connected, a 
floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP 1 Cable
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP3218K
                             
                                                                      
or
 Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP 2 Cable
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP3218K                             
                                                                      
See Troubleshooting  for more information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42    |       Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                      
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
        Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.
   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, 
the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the 
dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 
Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP 1 Cable
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP3218K
or
 Dell UltraSharp 32 Monitor
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP 2 Cable
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP3218K                             
 4    This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting        |    43Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
  NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
 
To run the built-in diagnostics:
   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
         then goes into the self-test mode.
   3    Press and hold Button 1  for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.
   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
   5    Press Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text 
         screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1  again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44    |       Troubleshooting
Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected 
and secure.
•	Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
•	Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no 
brightness•	Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•	Cycle	power	on-off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect	
   that canoccur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
  and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  
   http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots•	Cycle	power	On-Off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect		
   that canoccur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
   and PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at:  
   http://www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•	Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks•	Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•	Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on 
& off•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
•	Reset	the	monitor	to	factory	settings.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if the intermittent problem occurs in 
self-test mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Troubleshooting        |    45Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Missing Color Picture missing 
color•	Perform monitor self-test.
•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good•	Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the 
Color  menu OSD depending on the application.
•	Adjust R/G/B value under Custom. Color  in Color  
menu OSD.
•	Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or 
YPbPr in the Color  menu OSD.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen•	Use the Power Management  feature to turn off 
the monitor at all times when not in use (for more 
information, see Power Management Modes ).
•	Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but does 
not fill entire 
viewing area•	Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the Display  
menu OSD.
•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
Cannot adjust 
the monitor 
with the buttons 
on the front 
panelOSD does not 
appear on the 
screen•	Turn off the monitor, unplug the monitor power 
cable, plug it back, and then turn on the monitor.
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, 
the LED light is 
white•	Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the 
mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•	Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
•	Reset the computer or video player.
The picture 
does not fill the 
entire screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•	Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46    |       Troubleshooting
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No image 
when using DP 
connection to 
the PCBlack screen •	Verify which DP standard is your Graphics Card 
certified to. Download and install the latest 
graphics card driver.
•	Some DP 1.1 or DP 1.2 graphics card cannot 
support DP 1.4 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under 
Input Source selection, press and hold DP select 
 key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting 
from DP 1.4 to DP 1.2. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Appendix        |    47Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as 
the bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
         hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at  www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
  NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
        information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See  www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
   1    Go to  www.dell.com/support .
   2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu
         at the top-left corner of the page.
   3    Click Contact Us  next to the country dropdown.
   4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
   5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48    |       Appendix
Setting Up Your Monitor
Setting Display Resolution to 7680 x 4320  (maximum)
For best performance, set the display resolution to 7680 x 4320 pixels by performing the 
following steps:
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic
        desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
   3   Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 7680 x 4320.
   4   Click OK.
In Windows 10 :
    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select 7680 x 4320.
   4   Click Apply .
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update 
your graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the 
computer system you are using, and follow the given steps.
Dell computer
   1   Go to www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the latest 
        driver for your graphics card.
   2   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to
       7680 x 4320 again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the resolution to 7680 x 4320, please contact Dell 
       to inquire about a graphics adapter that supports these resolutions.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   Appendix        |    49Non-Dell computer
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch 
        to classic desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
   3   Click Change Display Settings .
   4   Click Advanced Settings .
   5   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, AMD, Intel etc.).
   6   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http://www.AMD.com   or  http:// www.NVIDIA.com ).
   7   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 7680 x 4320  again.
In Windows 10 :
    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click Display adapter properties.
   4   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, AMD, Intel etc.).
   5   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http://www.AMD.com   or  http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
   6   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 7680  x 4320  again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the 
       manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics adapter that 
supports the video resolution.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50    |       Appendix
Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from
           the electrical outlet.
 
    CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
•	To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static 
coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed 
air.
•	Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of 
any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
•	If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
•	Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and 
show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
•	To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Model: UP2718Q
Regulatory model: UP2718QtDell UltraSharp UP2718Q
User’s GuideNOTE: A NOTE indicates important information that helps you make better use of 
your computer.
CAUTION: A CAUTION indicates potential damage to hardware or loss of data if 
instructions are not followed.
WARNING: A WARNING indicates a potential for property damage, personal 
injury, or death.
Copyright © 2017 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.  This product is protected by U.S. and international 
copyright and intellectual property laws. 
Dell™ and the Dell logo are trademarks of Dell Inc. in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. 
All other marks and names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies.
2017 – 05   Rev. A00Contents
About Your Monitor  ..................................... 5
Package Contents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Product Features . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
Identifying Parts and Controls . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Monitor Specifications  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
Plug-and-Play . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20
Setting Up the Monitor .................................. 21
Attaching the Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System  . . . . . . . . 25
Connecting Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 25
Organizing Your Cables  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Removing the Monitor Stand  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
Wall Mounting (Optional) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
Operating the Monitor .................................. 31
Turning on the Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Using the Front Panel Controls  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 31
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
         Contents       |    34   |      Contents       Troubleshooting  ....................................... 50
Self-Test  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
Built-in Diagnostics  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Common Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 53
Product Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 55
Appendix  .............................................. 56
Safety Instructions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory Information  . . . . . . 56
Contacting Dell . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 56
Setting Up Your Monitor  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 57
Maintenance Guidelines  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59 About Your Monitor        |    5About Your Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Package Contents
Your monitor ships with the components shown below. Make sure that you have 
received all the components and contact Dell  if something is missing.
  NOTE: Some items may be optional and may not ship with your monitor.    
Some features or media may not be available in certain countries.
Monitor
Stand riser 
Stand base
Power cable (varies by country)
USB 3.0 upstream cable (enables 
the USB ports on the monitor)
DP cable (DP to mDP)6    |       About Your Monitor
HDMI cable
  Driv ers and Docu mentatio n
Contents :
• Device drivers
• Quick Setup Guide 
• User's Guide
• Dell Display Manager SoftwareUltraSharp UP2718Q Moni tor Dell ™
P/N FV07F Rev. A00
P/N 790.A1U39.0001
May 2017
Made in China© 2017 Dell Inc. All rights reserved.
PremierColor
UP2718Q Color Calibration Factor y Report
Every Dell UP2718Q is shipped incorporat ing pre-tu ned
sRGB an d AdobeRGB wi th average De ltaE<2.  Co lor
and Luminance Uniformity is adjusted acro ss the screen
to me et De ltaE<2 an d 97-102% re spectively.  This helps
prevent significant color inconsiste ncy or inaccu racy.  In
addition, a tighter grey -scale tracking helps enable ultra-
smooth color gradati on.
Be assured of Accu rate, Precise and Consistent
Onscr een Color with every  Dell Ultrasharp UP2718Q .Serial No .
Tester
Test
Equipmen tCN0NGD827444555I066 L
1
CA-310/CA-210
CA-2000S
Chro ma 2326/2235/2233
sRGB Avg. Delta E < 2A dobe RG B Avg. Delta E < 2
Grey-Scale TrackingG amma
Brightness Uniformity (x,y, Y) Ref to Center Color Uniformity Delta E (L*a*b*) Ref to Center
1234 5
100% 100%1 00% 100%1 00%
6789 10
100% 100%1 00% 100%1 00%
11 12 13 14 15
100% 100%1 00% 100%1 00%
16 17 18 19 20
100% 100%1 00% 100%1 00%
21 22 23 24 25
100% 100%1 00% 100%1 00%1234 5
0.05 0.10 0.06 0.05 0.14
6789 10
0.10 0.05 0.02 0.05 0.09
11 12 13 14 15
0.08 0.04 0.00 0.02 0.07
16 17 18 19 20
0.12 0.10 0.22 0.16 0.10
21 22 23 24 25
0.07 0.13 0.02 0.03 0.13• Color Calibrat ion Software
• Software Development Kit driver
•	Drivers and documentation media 
•	Quick Setup Guide
•	Safety, Environmental, and 
Regulatory Information
•	Factory Calibration Report 
Product Features
The Dell UltraSharp  UP2718Q  monitor has an active matrix, thinfilm transistor (TFT), 
liquid crystal display (LCD), and LED backlight. The monitor features include:
•	68.47 cm (27-inch) active area display (Measured diagonally) 3840 x 2160 (16:9 
aspect ratio) resolution, plus full-screen support for lower resolutions.
•	Tilt, swivel, pivot and vertical extension adjustment capabilities.
•	Removable pedestal and Video Electronics Standards Association (VESA™) 100 mm 
mounting holes for flexible mounting solutions.
•	Extensive digital connectivity with DP, mDP, HDMI, and USB 3.0 helps future-proof 
your monitor.
•	Supports major color space standards for Adobe RGB, sRGB, REC2020,REC709 and 
DCI-P3.
•	Plug and play capability if supported by your system.
•	On-Screen Display (OSD) adjustments for ease of set-up and screen optimization.
•	Software and documentation media includes an information file (INF), Image 
color Matching File (ICM), Dell Display Manager software application and product 
documentation. 
•	Security lock slot.
•	Supports Asset Management Capability.
•	Arsenic-Free glass and Mercury-Free for Panel only.
•	Energy Gauge shows the energy level being consumed by the monitor in real time.
•	0.3 W standby power when in the sleep mode.
•	Compliance to ULTRA HD PREMIUM™ certification mark. (ULTRA HD PREMIUM™ 
logo is a trademark of UHD Alliance, Inc.)
•	Optimize eye comfort with a flicker-free screen.
        NOTE: The possible long-term effects of blue light emission from the monitor may 
        cause damage to the eyes, including eye fatigue or digital eye strain. ComfortView  
        feature is designed to reduce the amount of blue light emitted from the monitor to 
        optimize eye comfort. About Your Monitor        |    7Identifying Parts and Controls
Front view
1 2
Label Description
1 Function buttons (For more information, see Operating the Monitor )
2 Power on/off button (with LED indicator)8    |       About Your Monitor
Back View
76
1
2
3
54DELL                                                           UP2718Q
Flat P anel Monitor / 䃠ު޳ॐ ֘
Model No. /  ֺ՚    UP2718Qt
Input Rating / ૿ҵऄ ࢛ 
100-240V ~  50/60Hz   XXA
Made in Ch ina / Ӳଭ ֪И֢
Manufa ctured date /࡬䙖ᰛᵕ  
EnergyConservationCertificationUP2718Q
Удельная мощност ь рабочег о режима - X,XXX Вт/см
Потреб ляемая  мощность изде лием  в режиме  ожидания  - X,XX Вт
Потреб ляемая  мощность изде лием  в выключенном  режиме  - X,XX Вт2Flat Panel Monit or / Mon itor Plano P anel / Moniteur à écran plat /  䃠޳桨 ॐ֘
Model No. / Modelo / Numéro de mo dèle /ֺ垹:  UP2718Qt
Input Rating / Entrada / Daya Tegangan / Tension d’entrée: 100 -240V ~   50/60Hz   X.XA
忼ҵ朅 ࢛сࡶ朅⺷ 100- 240ѥࣔ ,1.6 ׁ؍  50/60૙咬
Consumo de energía: XX.X  Wh
Consumo de energía en modo de espera: X.XX Wh
Made in China / Fabricado en China / Fa briqués en Chine/ Сделано в Китае / 娸ଭ  ֪Иⴚ 
CAN ICES-3 (B)/NMB -3(B)XUXXXXXX -XXXXX
MSIP -REM-WT1-UP2718Q t㐔㷡㢬ஔWistron Corporation
              Wistron InfoComm (Zhongshan) Corporatio n
㥐㦤㣄aGWistron InfoComm (Zhongshan) Corporatio n
A/S!㜤⢱㷌:080-854-0066
㥐㦤ạ 㩅ạAppara tet må  tilkoples jordet stikkontakt.
Appara ten skall anslutas till jordat uttag.
Apparatets stikprop skal tilsluttes en stikkontakt med jord, 
som giver forbindelse til stikproppens jord.
Laite on liitettävä suojakoskettimilla varustettuun pistorasiaan .
XXXX XИ005-16
XXXXXX-XX 䝕䝹ᰴᘧ఍♫Raheen  Business Park
Limerick  Ireland
www.dell.com
R43004
  RoHSID XXXXXXXXXXID  XXXXXXXXXXFlicker Free
www. tuv.com
ID  141903392 6Low Blue Light
Content
www. tuv.com
ID  141903392 8
ઊ寉 ҅ऀ惐چ㔼⟆؞嫌ԃ
                                                                                  
Label Description Use
1 VESA mounting holes (100 mm x 
100 mm-behind attached VESA 
cover)Wall mount monitor using VESA-
compatible wall mount kit (100 mm x 100 
mm).
2 Regulatory label Lists the regulatory approvals.
3 Stand release button Release stand from monitor.
4 Security lock slot Secures monitor with security cable lock 
(sold separately) .
5 Barcode, serial number, and Service 
Tag labelRefer to this label if you need to contact 
Dell for technical support.
6 Dell soundbar mounting slots Attaches the optional Dell soundbar. 
NOTE:  Please remove the plastic strip 
covering the mounting slots before affixing 
the Dell Soundbar. 
Dell soundbar is sold separately.     
7 Cable management slot Use to organize cables by placing them 
through the slot. About Your Monitor        |    9Side View
Bottom View
 
12 3456789
  
Label Description Use
1 AC power connector To connect the monitor power cable.
2 HDMI 1 connectorConnect your computer with HDMI cable.3 HDMI 2 connector
4 DP connector (in) Connect your computer with DP cable.
5 mDP connector (in) Connect your computer with DP to mDP cable.
6 Audio line-out port Connect speakers to playback audio coming through 
HDMI or DP audio channels.
Only supports 2-channel audio.
NOTE:  The audio line-out port does not support 
headphones.
WARNING: Excessive sound pressure from
earphones or headphones can cause hearing
damage or loss.USB downstream port
Port with  battery icon supports BC 1.2.10    |       About Your Monitor
7 USB upstream ports Connect the USB cable that comes with your monitor 
to the computer. Once this cable is connected, you 
can use the USB downstream connectors on the 
monitor.
8 USB downstream ports Connect your USB device. You can only use this 
connector after you have connected the USB cable 
to the computer and USB upstream connector on the 
monitor. Port with  battery icon supports BC 1.2.
9 Stand lock Lock the stand to the monitor using a M3 x 6 mm 
screw (screw not included).
Monitor Specifications
Screen type Active matrix - TFT LCD
Panel type In-plane switching Technology
Aspect ratio 16:9
Viewable image dimensions
Diagonal 68.47 cm (27 inches)
Active Area
Horizontal 596.74 mm (23.49 inches)
Vertical 335.66 mm (13.21 inches)
Area 200301.7  mm2 (310.47  inches2)
Pixel pitch 0.1554 mm x 0.1554 mm
Pixel per inch (PPI) 163
Viewing angle
Horizontal 178° (typical)
Vertical 178° (typical)
Brightness 400 cd/m² (typical) 
1000 cd/m² (peak)
Contrast ratio 1000 to 1 (typical)
20,000 to 1 ( peak )
Display screen coating Anti-glare treatment of the front polarizer (3H) hard coating
Backlight White LED, Direct type system
Response Time (Gray to 
Gray)6 ms (FAST mode)
8 ms (NORMAL mode)
Color depth 1.07 Billion colors
Color gamut * 100% Adobe RGB
100%  sRGB
97.7% DCI-P3
76.9% REC2020
Calibration accuracy Delta E < 2 (average) About Your Monitor        |    11Connectivity •	1 x DP 1.4 (HDCP 1.4/2.2)
•	1 x mDP 1.4 (HDCP 1.4/2.2)
•	2 x HDMI 2.0a (HDCP 1.4/2.2)
•	2 x USB 3.0 downstream port
•	2 x USB 3.0 with BC1.2 charging capability at 2A (max)
•	2 x USB 3.0 upstream port
•	1 x Analog audio line out (3.5mm jack)
Border width (edge of 
monitor to active area)13.79  mm (Top/Left/Right)
17.59  mm (Bottom)
Adjustability
Height adjustable stand 145 mm
Tilt -5° to 21°
Swivel -45° to 45°
Pivot 0° to 90°
Cable management Yes
Dell Display Manager 
(DDM) CompatibilityEasy Arrange and other key features
Security Security lock slot (cable lock sold separately) Anti-theft 
stand lock slot (to panel)
 NOTE *: at panel native only, under Custom Mode preset.
Resolution Specifications
Horizontal scan range 30 kHz to 140 kHz (DP/HDMI)
Vertical scan range 24 Hz to 75 Hz (DP/HDMI)
Maximum preset resolution 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz
Video display capabilities 
(DP & HDMI playback)480p, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p, UHD12    |       About Your Monitor
Preset Display Modes
Display ModeHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency (Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(Horizontal/
Vertical) 
720 x 400  31.5 70.0 28.3 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480  31.5 60.0 25.2 -/- 
VESA, 640 x 480 37.5 75.0 31.5 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600  37.9 60.0 40.0 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600  46.9 75.0 49.5 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.4 60.0 65.0 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768  60.0 75.0 78.8 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   64.0 60.0 108.0 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024   80.0 75.0 135.0 +/+
VESA, 1600 x 1200   75.0 60.0 162.0 +/+
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.5 60.0 148.5 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440-R 88.787 59.95 241.5 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160 65.68 30.0 262.75 +/+
VESA, 3840 x 2160 133.313 60.0 533.25 +/+
VESA, 3840 x 2160 135.0 60.0 594.0 +/+
Electrical Specifications
Video input signals •	Digital video signal for each differential line.  
Per differential line at 100 ohm impedance. 
•	DP/HDMI signal input support
Input voltage/ frequency/
current100-240 VAC / 50 or 60 Hz ± 3 Hz / 1.8 A (maximum)
Inrush current 120 V: 30 A (Max.)
240 V: 60 A (Max.) About Your Monitor        |    13Physical Characteristics
Connector type •	DP connector 
•	mDP connector
•	HDMI connector (x 2 ports)
•	Audio line-out
•	USB 3.0 connector
(Port with  battery icon  supports  BC 1.2)
Signal cable type (in-box) DP to mDP, 1.8 M cable
HDMI 1.8 M cable
USB 3.0, 1.8 M cable
Dimensions (with stand)
Height (extended) 547.1 mm (21.54 inches)
Height (compressed) 402.6 mm (15.85 inches)
Width 626.4 mm (24.66 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Dimensions (without stand)
Height 369.1 mm (14.53 inches)
Width 626.4 mm (24.66 inches)
Depth 64.4 mm (2.54 inches)
Stand dimensions
Height (extended) 433.4 mm (17.06 inches)
Height (compressed) 387.0 mm (15.24 inches)
Width 292.4 mm (11.51 inches)
Depth 200.3 mm (7.89 inches)
Weight
Weight with packaging 11.55 kg (25.46 lb)
Weight with stand assembly and 
cables8.40 kg (18.52  lb)
Weight without stand assembly 
(For wall mount or VESA mount 
considerations - no cables)5.98 kg (13.18  lb)
Weight of stand assembly 2.02 kg (4.45 lb)
Front frame gloss 4~7 GU14    |       About Your Monitor
Environmental Characteristics
Compliant Standards
RoHS Compliant yes
BFR/PVC Free monitor 
(excluding cables)yes
Temperature
 Operating 0°C to 35°C (32°F to 95°F)
 Non-operating –20°C to 60°C (–4°F to 140°F)
Humidity
 Operating 10% to 80% (non-condensing)
 Non-operating 5% to 90% (non-condensing)
Altitude
   Operating 5,000 m (16,404 ft) (maximum)
   Non-operating 12,192 m (40,000 ft) (maximum)
Thermal dissipation 412 BTU/hour (maximum)
309 BTU/hour (typical)
Power Management Modes
If you have VESA’s DPM-compliant video card or software installed in your PC, the 
monitor can automatically reduce its power consumption when not in use. This is 
referred to as power save mode*. If the computer detects input from the keyboard, 
mouse, or other input devices, the monitor automatically resumes functioning. The 
following table shows the power consumption and signaling of this automatic power 
saving feature.
VESA 
ModesHorizontal 
SyncVertical 
Sync Video Power Indicator Power Consumption
Normal 
operationActive Active Active White 120 W (maximum)**  
90 W (typical)
Active-off 
modeInactive Inactive Off White
(Glowing)Less than 0.3 W
Switch off - - - Off Less than 0.3 W About Your Monitor        |    15The OSD operates only in the normal operation mode. If you press any button in the 
active-off mode, one of the following message is displayed:   
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse or wake it up.
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to selec t
the correct input source.
UP2718Q
            No DP signal from your device.
*Zero power consumption in OFF mode can only be achieved by disconnecting 
the AC mains cable from the monitor.
**Maximum power consumption with maximum luminance.
Activate the computer and the monitor to gain access to the OSD.16    |       About Your Monitor
Pin Assignments
DP connector (in)   
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 ML3(n)
2 GND
3 ML3(p)
4 ML2(n)
5 GND
6 ML2(p)
7 ML1(u)
8 GND
9 ML1(p)
10 ML0(n)
11 GND
12 ML0(p)
13 CONFIG1
14 CONFIG2
15 AUX CH (p)
16 GND
17 AUX CH (n)
18 Hot Plug Detect
19 GND
20 +3.3V DP_PWR About Your Monitor        |    17mDP connector
Pin number 20-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 GND
2 Hot Plug Detect
3 ML3 (n)
4 CONFIG1
5 ML3 (p)
6 CONFIG2
7 GND
8 GND
9 ML2 (n)
10 ML0 (n)
11 ML2 (p)
12 ML0 (p)
13 GND
14 GND
15 ML1 (n)
16 AUX (p)
17 ML1 (p)
18 AUX (n)
19 GND
20 +3.3V DP_PWR18    |       About Your Monitor
HDMI connector
Pin number 19-pin side of the connected signal cable
1 TMDS DATA 2+
2 TMDS DATA 2 SHIELD
3 TMDS DATA 2-
4 TMDS DATA 1+
5 TMDS DATA 1 SHIELD
6 TMDS DATA 1-
7 TMDS DATA 0+
8 TMDS DATA 0 SHIELD
9 TMDS DATA 0-
10 TMDS CLOCK+
11 TMDS CLOCK SHIELD
12 TMDS CLOCK-
13 CEC
14 Reserved (N.C. on device)
15 DDC CLOCK (SCL)
16 DDC DATA (SDA)
17 DDC/CEC Ground
18 +5 V POWER
19 HOT PLUG DETECT About Your Monitor        |    19Universal Serial Bus (USB) 
This section gives you information about the USB ports available on your monitor.
 NOTE:  Up to 2 A on USB downstream port (port with   battery  icon) with BC 
1.2 compliance devices; up to 0.9 A on the other 2 USB downstream ports.
Your computer has the following USB ports:
•	2 upstream - bottom  
•	4 downstream - 2 at left side, 2 at bottom  
Power Charging Port - the ports with  battery  icon supports fast current 
charging capability if the device is BC 1.2 compatible.
 NOTE:  The monitor’s USB ports work only when the monitor is on or in the power 
save mode. If you turn off the monitor and then turn it on, the attached peripherals 
may take a few seconds to resume normal functionality.
Transfer speed Data rate Power consumption
SuperSpeed 5 Gbps 4.5 W (Max., each port)
Hi-Speed 480 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
Full speed 12 Mbps 2.5 W (Max., each port)
USB upstream port
 USB downstream port
Pin number Signal name Pin number Signal name
1 VBUS 1 VBUS
2 D- 2 D-
3 D+ 3 D+
4 GND 4 GND
5 StdB_SSTX- 5 StdA_SSRX-
6 StdB_SSTX+ 6 StdA_SSRX+
7 GND_DRAIN 7 GND_DRAIN
8 StdB_SSRX- 8 StdA_SSTX-
9 StdB_SSRX+ 9 StdA_SSTX+
Shell Shield Shell Shield20    |       About Your Monitor
Plug-and-Play
You can install the monitor in any Plug-and-Play-compatible system. The monitor 
automatically provides the computer system with its extended display identification data 
(EDID) using display data channel (DDC) protocols so the computer can configure itself 
and optimize the monitor settings. Most monitor installations are automatic; you can 
select different settings if desired. For more information about changing the monitor 
settings, see Operating the Monitor .   
LCD Monitor Quality and Pixel Policy
During the LCD monitor manufacturing process, it is not uncommon for one or more 
pixels to become fixed in an unchanging state which are hard to see and do not affect 
the display quality or usability. For more information on LCD Monitor Pixel Policy, see 
Dell support site at: http://www.dell.com/support/monitors . Setting Up the Monitor        |    21Setting Up the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Attaching the Stand
    NOTE: The stand riser and stand base are detached when the monitor is shipped
         from the factory.
    NOTE:  The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you purchased
         any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to set it up.
    CAUTION: Place monitor on a flat, clean, and soft surface to avoid scratching the
           display panel. 
  
UP2718Q
Удельная мощность рабочего режима - X,XXX Вт/см
Потребляемая мощность изделием в режиме ожидания - X,XX Вт
Потребляемая мощность изделием в выключенном режиме - X,XX Вт
2
Flat Panel Monitor / Monitor Plano Panel / Moniteur à écran plat / 䃠޳桨ॐ֘
Model No. / Modelo / Numéro de modèle /ֺ垹:  UP2718Qt
Input Rating / Entrada / Daya Tegangan / Tension d’entrée: 100-240V ~   50/60Hz   X.XA
忼ҵ朅 ࢛сࡶ朅⺷100-240ѥࣔ ,1.6 ׁ؍ 50/60૙咬
Consumo de energía: XX.X  Wh
Consumo de energía en modo de espera: X.XX Wh
Made in China / Fabricado en China / Fabriqués en Chine/ Сделано в Китае / 娸ଭ ֪Иⴚ
CAN ICES-3 (B)/NMB-3(B)XUXXXXXX-XXXXX
MSIP-REM-WT1-UP2718Qt
㐔㷡㢬ஔWistron Corporation
              Wistron InfoComm (Zhongshan) Corporation
㥐㦤㣄aGWistron InfoComm (Zhongshan) Corporation
A/S!㜤⢱㷌:080-854-0066
㥐㦤ạ 㩅ạApparatet må  tilkoples jordet stikkontakt.
Apparaten skall anslutas till jordat uttag.
Apparatets stikprop skal tilsluttes en stikkontakt med jord, 
som giver forbindelse til stikproppens jord.
Laite on liitettävä suojakoskettimilla varustettuun pistorasiaan.
XXXXX
И005-16
X X X X X X- X X䝕䝹ᰴᘧ఍♫Raheen Business Park
Limerick Ireland
www.dell.com
R43004
  RoHS
ID XXXXXXXXXXID  XXXXXXXXXXFlicker Free
www.tuv.com
ID  1419033926Low Blue Light
Content
www.tuv.com
ID  1419033928
ઊ寉 ҅ऀ惐چ㔼⟆؞嫌ԃ
DELL                                                           UP2718Q
Flat Panel Monitor / 䃠ު޳ॐ֘
Model No. / ֺ՚   UP2718Qt
Input Rating / ૿ҵऄ ࢛
100-240V ~  50/60Hz   XXA
Made in China / Ӳଭ ֪И֢
Manufactured date /࡬䙖ᰛᵕ EnergyConservationCertification
DELL                                                           UP2718Q
Flat Panel Monitor / 䃠ު޳ॐ֘
Model No. / ֺ՚   UP2718Qt
Input Rating / ૿ҵऄ ࢛
100-240V ~  50/60Hz   XXA
Made in China / Ӳଭ ֪И֢
Manufactured date /࡬䙖ᰛᵕ EnergyConservationCertification3
2
    
To attach the monitor stand:
1  Remove the monitor protective cover and place the monitor with its front facing  
downward on it.
2  Insert the two tabs on the upper part of the stand to the groove on the back of the 
monitor.
3  Press the stand down till it snaps into its place.22    |       Setting Up the Monitor
•	Align the stand base protruded blocks to the matching slot on the stand. 
•	Insert the stand base blocks fully into the stand slot. 	•	Hold the stand base with the triangle 
   mark  facing upward. Setting Up the Monitor        |    23
	•	Lift the screw handle and turn the 
    screw clockwise.
 •	After fully tightening the screw, fold the 
   screw handle flat within the recess.24    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Using the Tilt, Swivel, and Vertical Extension
  NOTE: This is applicable for a monitor with a stand. If you purchased any other
        stand, refer to the respective stand setup guide for set up instructions.
Tilt, Swivel and Vertical Extension
With the stand attached to the monitor, you can tilt the monitor for the most 
comfortable viewing angle.
                          
5°
45°45°145 mm
21°
  NOTE: The stand is detached when the monitor is shipped from the factory.
Rotating the Monitor
Before you rotate the monitor, your monitor should be fully vertically extended and fully 
tilted up to avoid hitting the bottom edge of the monitor.
21
90°
 Setting Up the Monitor        |    25 NOTE: To use the Display Rotation function (Landscape versus Portrait view) with 
your Dell computer, you require an updated graphics driver that is not included with 
this monitor. To download the graphics driver, go to  www.dell.com/support  and see 
the Download section for Video Drivers for latest driver updates. 
 NOTE: When in the Portrait View Mode, you may experience performance 
degradation in graphic-intensive applications (3D Gaming and etc.).
Adjusting the Rotation Display Settings of Your System
After you have rotated your monitor, you need to complete the procedure below to 
adjust the Rotation Display Settings of your System.
 NOTE:  If you are using the monitor with a non-Dell computer, you need to go the 
graphics driver website or your computer manufacturer website for information on 
rotating the ’contents’ on your display.
 To adjust the Rotation Display Settings:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Properties.
   2   Select the Settings tab and click Advanced.
   3   If you have an AMD graphics card, select the Rotation tab and set the preferred 
          rotation.
   4   If you have an nVidia graphics card, click the nVidia tab, in the left-hand column 
          select NVRotate, and then select the preferred rotation.
   5   If you have an Intel® graphics card, select the Intel graphics tab, click Graphic  
         Properties, select the Rotation tab, and then set the preferred rotation.
  NOTE:  If you do not see the rotation option or it is not working correctly, go to 
       www.dell.com/support  and download the latest driver for your graphics card. 
Connecting Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the
         Safety Instructions . 
    To connect your monitor to the computer:
         1    Turn off your computer.
         2    Connect the DP-mDP/HDMI/USB cable from your monitor to 
               the computer. (Vertically extend and  tilt the monitor completely to rotate it for  
               cable connection. See Rotating the Monitor .)
         3    Switch on your monitor. 
         4   Select the correct input source at Monitor OSD Menu and turn on your
               computer.           
    NOTE:  UP2718Q  default setting is DP 1.4. A DP 1.1 Graphic card may not display 
          normally. Please refer to “ product specific problems – No image when using DP 
          connection to the PC ” to change default setting.26    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Single monitor connection
Connecting the DP (or mDP) cable 
DPmDP
    NOTE: Default is DP port. Select input source on monitor to switch to mDP.
Connecting the HDMI cable
HDMI HDMI
Connecting the USB cable 
After you have completed connecting the DP-mDP cables, follow the procedure below 
to connect the USB 3.0 cable to the computer and complete your monitor setup:
1 a. Connect one computer:
       Connect the upstream USB 3.0 port (cable supplied) to an appropriate USB 3.0 port 
on your computer.
        b. Connect two computers:
      Connect the upstream USB 3.0 ports to appropriate USB 3.0 ports on the two 
computers. Then use the OSD menu to select between the two USB upstream 
sources and input sources. See USB Select Switch .
 NOTE: When connecting two computers to the monitor, the monitor’s USB 
downstream ports for the keyboard and mouse can be assigned to different input  Setting Up the Monitor        |    27signals from the two computers by changing the USB Selection  setting from the 
OSD menu. (See  USB Selection  for details)
2 Connect the USB 3.0 peripherals to the downstream USB 3.0 ports on the monitor.
3 Plug the power cables for your computer and monitor into nearby outlet.
USBUSB
a. Connect one computer
USB
USB
b. Connect two computers
4 Turn On the monitor and the computer.  
If your monitor displays an image, installation is complete. If it does not display an 
image, see Troubleshooting .
Requirements to view or playback HDR content
        (1) via  Ultra BluRay DVD  or Game consoles
        Ensure the DVD player and Game consoles are HDR capable, eg Panasonic DMP-
UB900, x-Box One S, PS4 Pro.  Download and install the appropriate graphics card 
drivers, see below.
        (2)  via PC
        Ensure the graphics card used is HDR capable, ie HDMI2.0a or DP1.4(with HDR 
option) compliant and HDR graphics driver is installed.  HDR capable player 
application must be used, eg Cyberlink PowerDVD 17, Windows 10 Movies and TV 
app.28    |       Setting Up the Monitor
        For example Dell XPS8910, Alienware Aurora R5, bundled with the below graphics 
cards. 
        Dell Graphics driver with HDR support: Refer to Dell support page to download the 
latest graphics driver that supports HDR playback for your PC/Notebook.
        Nvidia
        HDR capable Nvidia graphics cards:  GTX1070, GTX1080, P5000, P6000, etc.  For 
a full range of HDR capable Nvidia graphics cards please refer to Nvidia website 
www.nvidia.com
        Driver that supports Full Screen Playback mode(eg PC games, UltraBluRay players) ,        
HDR on Win10 Redstone 2 OS: 381.65 or later.
        AMD
        HDR capable AMD graphics cards: RX480, RX470, RX460, WX7100, WX5100, 
WX4100, etc.  For a full range of HDR capable AMD graphics cards please refer to 
www.amd.com  Check HDR driver support information and download the latest 
driver from  www.amd.com .
        
        Intel (Integrated Graphics)
        HDR capable system: CannonLake or later
        Suitable HDR player: Windows 10 Movies and TV app
        OS with HDR support: Windows 10 Redstone 3
        Driver with HDR support: visit downloadcenter www. intel.com   for the latest HDR 
driver   
        
  NOTE: HDR playback via OS (eg playback of HDR in a window within desktop)  
        requires Win 10 Redstone 2 or later with appropriate player applications, eg    
        PowerDVD17.  Playing back protected content will require appropriate DRM 
        software and/or hardware, eg Microsoft Playready(TM).
        Please refer to Microsoft website for HDR support information. Setting Up the Monitor        |    29Organizing Your Cables 
  
After attaching all necessary cables to your monitor and computer, (see Connecting 
Your Monitor  for cable attachment) organize all cables as shown above.
Removing the Monitor Stand
 CAUTION:  To prevent scratches on the LCD screen while removing the 
stand,  make sure that the monitor is placed on a soft, clean surface.
NOTE: The procedure below is applicable for the default stand. If you 
purchased any other stand, see the documentation shipped with the stand to 
set it up.
To remove the stand:
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion.
    2    Press and hold the stand-release button. 
    3    Lift the stand up and away from the monitor. 
 
23   30    |       Setting Up the Monitor
Wall Mounting (Optional)
  
DELL                                                           UP2718Q
Flat Panel Monitor / 䃠ު޳ॐ֘ 
Model No. / ֺ՚   UP2718Qt
Input Rating / ૿ҵऄ ࢛ 
100-240V ~  50/60 Hz   XXA
Made in China / Ӳଭ ֪И֢
Manufactured date  /࡬䙖ᰛᵕ  
Energy
ConservationCertificationUP2718Q
Удельная мощность рабочего  режима - X,XXX Вт /см
Потреб ляемая  мощность изде лием  в ре жиме  ожидания  - X,XX Вт
Потреб ляемая  мощность изде лием  в выключенно м режиме  - X,XX Вт2Flat Panel Monitor / Monitor Plano Panel / Moniteur à écran  plat / 䃠޳桨ॐ֘
Model No. / Mode lo / Numéro de modèle /ֺ垹:  UP2718Q t
Input Ra ting / Entrada / Da ya Tegangan / Tension d’entrée: 100- 240V ~   50/60Hz   X.XA
忼ҵ朅 ࢛сࡶ朅 ⺷100- 240ѥࣔ ,1.6 ׁ؍  50/60૙咬
Consumo de energía: XX.X  Wh
Consumo de energía en modo de espera: X.XX Wh
Made in China / Fa bricado en China / Fa briqués en Chine/ Сделано в Китае  / 娸ଭ  ֪Иⴚ 
CAN ICES-3 (B)/NMB -3(B)XUXXXXXX -XXXX X
MSIP -REM-WT1-UP2718Qt㐔㷡㢬ஔWistron Corporation
              Wistron InfoComm (Zhongshan) Corporation
㥐㦤㣄aGWistron InfoComm (Zhongshan) Corporation
A/S!㜤⢱㷌:080-854-0066㥐㦤ạ 㩅ạAppara tet må  tilkoples jordet stikkontakt.
Appara ten skall anslutas till jordat uttag.
Apparatets stikprop skal tilsluttes en stikkontakt med jord,  
som giver forbindelse til stikproppens jord.
Laite on liitettävä suojakoskettimilla varustettuun pistorasiaan .
XXXXXИ005-16
XXXXXX-XX 䝕䝹ᰴᘧ఍♫Raheen  Business Park
Limerick Ireland
www .dell.co m
R43004
  RoHSID XXXXXXXXXXID  XXXXXXXXXXFlicker Free
www .tuv.com
ID  141903392 6Low Blue Light
Conten t
www.tuv.com
ID  141903392 8
ઊ寉 ҅ऀ惐چ㔼⟆؞嫌ԃ                         
                 
  NOTE: Use M4 x 10 mm screws to connect the monitor to the wall-mounting kit.
Refer to the instructions that come with the VESA-compatible wall mounting kit.
    1    Place the monitor on a soft cloth or cushion on a stable, flat table.
    2    Remove the stand.
    3    Use a Phillips crosshead screwdriver to remove the four screws securing the   
          plastic cover.
    4    Attach the mounting bracket from the wall mounting kit to the monitor.
    5    Mount the monitor on the wall by following the instructions that comes with the 
           wall mounting kit.
  NOTE: For use only with UL or CSA or GS-listed wall mount bracket with minimum
       weight/load bearing capacity of 5.98 kg (13.18 lb). Operating the Monitor        |    31Operating the Monitor
                                                                                                                                                                       
Turning on the Monitor
Press the  
 button to turn on the monitor. 
Using the Front Panel Controls
Use the control buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the characteristics of the 
image being displayed. As you use these buttons to adjust the controls, an OSD shows 
the numeric values of the characteristics as they change.
 
654321
  32    |       Operating the Monitor
The following table describes the front panel buttons:
Front- Panel Button Description
1
Shortcut key: 
Preset ModesUse this button to choose from a list of preset 
color modes.
2
Shortcut key: 
 Brightness/ContrastUse this button to directly access the “Brightness/
Contrast” menu.
3
Shortcut key: 
Input SourceUse this button to choose from a list of Input Source.
4
MenuUse this menu button to launch the on-screen display 
(OSD) and select the OSD menu.
See Accessing the Menu System .
5
 
ExitUse this button to go back to the main menu or exit 
the OSD main menu.
6
Power (with power light 
indicator)Use the Power  button to turn the monitor On and Off.
The white LED indicates the monitor is On and fully 
functional.
A glowing white LED indicates DPMS Power Save 
Mode. Operating the Monitor        |    33Front- Panel Button
Use the buttons on the front of the monitor to adjust the image settings.
2 3 1
Front Panel Button Description
1
       
     
        
               Up       DownUse the Up (increase) and Down  (decrease) keys to adjust 
items in the OSD menu. 
2
 
OK Use the OK button to confirm your selection. 
3
 
BackUse the Back button to go back to the previous menu.34    |       Operating the Monitor
Using the On-Screen Display (OSD) Menu
Accessing the Menu System
  NOTE: Any changes you make using the OSD menu are automatically saved if  
        you move to another OSD menu, exit the OSD menu, or wait for the OSD menu 
        to disappear.
  1   Press the 
  button to launch the OSD menu and display the main menu.                                                      
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
Others75%75%
  2   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to move between options. As you move from one  
       icon to another, the option name is highlighted. 
  3   Press the 
  or 
  or 
  button once to activate the highlighted option.
  4   Press the 
  and 
  buttons to select the desired parameter.
  5   Press 
  to enter the slide bar and then use the 
  or 
  button, according to the 
       indicators on the menu, to make your changes.
  6   Select the 
  to return to previous menu or 
  to accept and return to previous 
       menu. Operating the Monitor        |    35Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Brightness/
ContrastUse this menu to activate Brightness/Contrast  adjustment.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
Others75%75%
Brightness Brightness  adjusts the luminance of the backlight
(minimum 0; maximum 100).
Press the 
  button to increase brightness.
Press the 
  button to decrease brightness.
Contrast Adjust the Brightness  first, and then adjust Contrast  only if 
further adjustment is necessary. 
Press the 
   button to increase contrast and press the 
  
button to decrease contrast (between 0 and 100).
Contrast adjusts the difference between darkness and 
lightness on the monitor.
  Input Source Use the Input Source  menu to select between different 
video inputs that are be connected to your monitor. 
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersmDP
HDMI1DP
HDMI2
Auto select
Reset Input SourceOn
DP Select DP input when you are using the DP (DisplayPort) 
connector. 
Use 
  to select the DP input source.36    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
mDP Select mDP input when you are using the 
mDP (mini DisplayPort)  connector. 
Use 
  to select the mDP input source.
HDMI 1 Select the HDMI 1  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI 1 input source.
HDMI 2 Select the HDMI 2  input when you are using the HDMI 
connector.
Use 
  to select the HDMI 2 input source.
Auto Select Use 
  to select Auto Select , the monitor scans for available 
input sources.
Reset Input 
SourceResets your monitor’s Input Source settings to the factory 
defaults.
Color Use the Color  menu to adjust the color setting mode.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersInput Color FormatPreset Modes
Reset Color Standard 
RGB
 Operating the Monitor        |    37Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Preset Mode When you select Preset Modes , you can choose Standard, 
ComfortView, Movie, Game,Color Temp.,  Color Space, or 
Custom Color  from the list.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monitor
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersPreset ModesMovie
GameComfortView
Color Temp.
Color Space
Custom ColorStandard
•	Standard:  Default color settings. This is the default preset 
mode. 
•	ComfortView: Decreases the level of blue light emitted 
from the screen to make viewing more comfortable for 
your eyes.
NOTE:  To reduce the risk of eye strain and neck/arm/back/
shoulders pain from using the monitor for long periods of 
time, we suggest you to :
•	Set the screen about 20 to 28 inches (50-70 cm) from 
your eyes.
•	Blink frequently to moisten or rewet your eyes when 
working with the monitor.
•	Take regular and frequent breaks for 20 minutes every 
two hours.
•	Look away from your monitor and gaze at a distant 
object at 20 feet away for at least 20 seconds during the 
breaks.
•	Perform stretches to relieve tension in the neck/arm/
back/shoulders during the breaks.
•	Movie:  Ideal for movies.
•	Game:  Ideal for most gaming applications.
•	Color Temp.: The screen appears warmer with a red/yellow 
tint with slider set at 5,000K or cooler with blue tint with 
slider set at 10,000K.
NOTE: When Smart HDR is ON, Movie and Game preset 
modes will operate with backlight local dimming.38    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
•	Color Space:  Allows users to select the color space: Adobe 
RGB , sRGB ,DCI-P3,  REC2020,REC709,CAL1 , CAL2 .
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersPreset Modes
CAL1 YYYY-MM-DD
YYYY-MM-DDAdobe RGB 
sRGB
DCI-P3
REC2020
REC709
CAL2
 –Adobe RGB:  This mode is compatible with Adobe 
RGB ( 100% coverage). 
 –sRGB:  Emulates 100% sRGB.
 –DCI-P3:  This mode reproduces 97.7% of DCI-P3 
digital cinema color standard.
 –REC2020:  This mode matches 76.9% REC2020 
standard. 
 –REC709:  This mode matches 100% REC709 standard. 
 –CAL1/CAL2:  User calibrated preset mode using Dell 
Ultrasharp Color Calibration Software or other Dell 
approved software. Dell Ultrasharp Color Calibration 
Software works with the X-rite colorimeter i1Display 
Pro. The i1Display Pro can be purchased from the 
Dell Electronics, Software and Accessories website.
NOTE:  Accuracy of sRGB , Adobe RGB , REC2020,REC709, 
DCI-P3, CAL1  and CAL2  are optimized for RGB input color 
format. 
NOTE:  Factory Reset  will remove all calibrated data in CAL1  
and CAL2 .
NOTE:  YYYY-MM-DD depicts last calibration date. If this 
space is blanked it means no calibration was saved. Operating the Monitor        |    39Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
•	Custom Color: Allows you to manually adjust the color 
settings. Press the  
 and 
  buttons to adjust the Red, 
Green, and Blue values and create your own preset color 
mode.
  Use the  
 and 
  buttons to select the Gain, Offset,  Hue, 
Saturation .
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Gain
Oﬀset
Hue
SaturationCustom Color
 –Gain:  Select it to adjust input RGB signal gain level 
(default value are 100).
 –Offset:  Select it to adjust RGB black-level offset value 
(default value are 50) to control your monitor base 
color.
 –Hue:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY hue value 
individually (default value are 50).
 –Saturation:  Select it to adjust RGBCMY saturation 
value individually (default value are 50).40    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Input Color 
FormatAllows you to set the video input mode to:
RGB: Select this option if your monitor is connected to a 
computer (or DVD player) using the HDMI or DP-mDP cable.
YPbPr: Select this option if your DVD player supports only 
YPbPr output.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersInput Color Format RGB
YPbPr
HueUse 
  or 
  to adjust the hue from 0 to 100. 
NOTE:  Hue adjustment is available only for Movie and Game 
mode.
Saturation Use 
  or 
  to adjust the saturation from 0 to 100.
NOTE:  Saturation adjustment is available only for Movie and 
Game mode.
Reset Color Resets your monitor’s color settings to the factory defaults.
Display  Use the Display  menu to adjust image. 
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersNormal
OﬀResponse TimeSharpness
Uniformity Compensation
Smart HDR50Wide 16:9
Vivid
Aspect Ratio
Reset Display Operating the Monitor        |    41Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
Aspect Ratio Adjust the image ratio to Wide 16:9, Auto Resize, 4:3, or 1:1.
Sharpness Makes the image look sharper or softer. 
Use 
  or 
  to adjust the sharpness from ‘0’ to ‘100’.
Response Time Allows you to set the Response Time  to Normal  or Fast.
Uniformity 
CompensationSelect screen brightness and color uniformity compensation 
settings.
Uniformity Compensation  adjusts different areas of the 
screen with respect to the center to achieve uniform 
brightness and color over the entire screen. 
Smart HDR Allow you to set the HDR to OFF, Normal or Vivid.
NOTE: Vivid maps to REC 2020.  Normal maps to DCI-P3.
Reset Display Restores the display settings to factory defaults.
PIP/PBP This function brings up a window displaying image from 
another input source. Thus you can watch two images from 
different sources at the same time.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersOﬀ PIP/PBP Mode
Main WindowSub - Window
DP mDP HDMI 1 HDMI 2
DP X √ √ √
mDP √ X √ √
HDMI 1 √ √ X √
HDMI 2 √ √ √ X42    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
PIP/PBP Mode Adjusts the PBP (Picture by Picture) model to PIP Small , PIP 
Large , or PBP. You can disable this feature by selecting Off.
PIP Small PIP Large PBP Oﬀ
PIP/PBP (Sub) Select between the different video signals that may be 
connected to your monitor for the PIP/PBP sub-window. 
PIP Location Select PIP sub-window position.
Use 
  or 
  to browse and 
   to select Top-Right, Top-
Left, Bottom-Right, or Bottom-left .
USB Select 
SwitchSelect to switch between the USB upstream sources in PBP 
mode.
Audio Allows you to set the audio source from the main window or 
the sub-window.
Contrast (Sub) Change Contrast settings of Sub video. Operating the Monitor        |    43Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
USB Selection Select the USB upstream signals from the list: DP, mDP 
and HDMI, thus the monitor’s USB downstream port (eg. 
keyboard and mouse) can be used by the current input 
signals when connecting a computer to either one of the 
upstream ports.
The display and USB upstream ports connection can be 
changed by selecting the input source function.
When you use only one upstream port, the connected 
upstream port is active.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersDP
HDMI 1USB 1
USB 2
NOTE: To prevent data damage or loss, before changing 
USB upstream ports, make sure that NO USB storage devices 
are in use by the computer connected to the monitor’s USB 
upstream port.
USB 1 Use the 
   to Indicate the input signal for USB 1. 
USB 2 Use the 
   to Indicate the input signal for USB 2. 44    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
 Menu Select this option to adjust the settings of the OSD, such as, 
the languages of the OSD, the amount of time the menu 
remains on screen, and so on.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersEnglish
20
20 sTransparencyLanguage
Timer
Reset Menu
Language Set the OSD display to one of eight languages.
(English, Spanish, French, German, Brazilian Portuguese, 
Russian, Simplified Chinese, or Japanese).
Transparency Select this option to change the menu transparency by using  
 and 
  (min. 0 / max. 100). 
Timer  OSD Hold Time:  Sets the length of time the OSD remains 
active after you press a button.
Use the 
  and 
  buttons to adjust the slider in 1-second 
increments, from 5 to 60 seconds.
Reset Menu Restore the menu settings to factory defaults.
Personalize Select from Preset Modes, Brightness/Contrast, Input 
Source, Aspect Ratio,PBP Mode, or  Smart HDR and set as 
shortcut key.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersOn During Active
Oﬀ During StandbyPower Button LEDShortcut Key 3
USB
Monitor SleepInput SourceBrightness/Contrast
EnablePreset Modes
Shortcut Key 2
Reset PersonalizationShortcut Key 1
Power Button 
LEDAllows you to set the state of the power light to save energy. Operating the Monitor        |    45Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
USB Allows you to enable or disable USB function during monitor 
standby mode.
NOTE:  USB ON/OFF under standby mode is only available 
when the USB upstream cable is unplugged. This option will 
be greyed out when the USB upstream cable plugs in.
Monitor Sleep Sleep After Timeout : Monitor goes into sleep after timeout.
Never : Monitor never goes into sleep.
Reset
PersonalizationRestores shortcut keys to factory defaults.
 
 Other
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersOﬀ LCD ConditioningDDC/C IO n
EnableOn
M2T101
Auto Rotation
FirmwareDisplay Info
Acknowledge SDK Access
Reset Others
Factory Reset
Select this option to adjust the OSD settings, such as the 
DDC/CI , LCD conditioning , and so on.
  Display Info Displays the monitor’s current settings.
  Auto Rotation The OSD shall be rotated to clockwise or anti-clockwise 
depending on the direction of the display is pivoted.46    |       Operating the Monitor
Icon Menu and 
SubmenusDescription
DDC/CI DDC/CI  (Display Data Channel/Command Interface) allows 
you to adjust the monitor settings using software on your 
computer.
Select Off to turn off this feature.
Enable this feature for best user experience and optimum 
performance of your monitor.
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersOﬀDDC/CI On
LCD 
ConditioningHelps reduce minor cases of image retention. Depending on 
the degree of image retention, the program may take some 
time to run. Select On to start the process. 
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Brightness/Contrast
PIP/PBP
USB SelectionColor
Display
MenuInput Source
Personalize
OthersLCD Conditioning On
Oﬀ
Firmware Firmware version
Acknowledge 
SDK AccessAllow you to acknowledge application’s access to monitor.
Reset Others  Restores other settings, such as DDC/CI , to factory defaults.
Factory Reset Restores all OSD settings to the factory defaults.
   NOTE: This monitor has a built-in feature to automatically calibrate the brightness
         to compensate for LED aging. Operating the Monitor        |    47OSD Warning Messages
When the monitor does not support a particular resolution mode, you can see the 
following message:
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The current input timing is not suppor ted by the monitor display. Plea se 
change your input timing to 
listed timing as per the monitor speciﬁcations. 3840x2160, 60 Hzor any other monitor
UP2718Q
This means that the monitor cannot synchronize with the signal that it is receiving from 
the computer. See Monitor Specifications  for the Horizontal and Vertical frequency 
ranges addressable by this monitor. Recommended mode is 3840 x 2160.
You can see the following message before the DDC/CI function is disabled:
 Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The function of adjusting display setting using PC
application will be disabled.
Do you wish to disable DDC /CI function?
Yes No
UP2718Q
When the monitor enters the  Power Save  mode, the following message appears:
  Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Entering Power Save Mode . 
UP2718Q48    |       Operating the Monitor
Activate the computer and wake up the monitor to gain access to the OSD .
If you press any button other than the power button, the following messages will appear 
depending on the selected input:
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse or wake it up.
If there is no display, press the monitor button again to selec t
the correct input source.
UP2718Q
            No DP signal from your device.
When user try to change preset mode when Smart HDR is ON, the following message  
will show:
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Currently processing HDR content…
To change preset mode, stop playing the HDR content.
Alternatively, switch oﬀ the Smart HDR function in Display settings .
UP2718Q
If any B/L zone operate > 90% duty cycle for 30min continuously, will turn off B/L local 
dim/boost for 30min.  When the local dimming is disable,the following messages will 
appear on screen for 3 seconds:
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
Backlight Local Dimming is Disabled. 
UP2718Q
If either DP, mDP, HDMI1 or HDMI2 input is selected and the corresponding cable is not 
connected, a floating dialog box as shown below appears.
 Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP Cable
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP2718Q                             
                                                                      
 or Operating the Monitor        |    49 Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP2718Q
No mDP Cable                             
                                                                      
 
or
                            
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP2718QNo HDMI1 Cable
or
                            
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP2718QNo HDMI2 Cable
See Troubleshooting  for more information.50    |       Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
                                                                                                                                                      
  WARNING:  Before you begin any of the procedures in this section, follow the 
        Safety Instructions .
Self-Test
Your monitor provides a self-test feature that allows you to check whether your monitor 
is functioning properly. If your monitor and computer are properly connected but the 
monitor screen remains dark, run the monitor self-test by performing the following 
steps:
   1    Turn off both your computer and the monitor.
   2    Unplug the video cable from the back of the computer. To ensure proper Self-Test
         operation, remove all digital and the analog cables from the back of computer.
   3    Turn on the monitor.
The floating dialog box should appear on-screen (against a black background), if the 
monitor cannot sense a video signal and is working correctly. While in self-test mode, 
the power LED remains white. Also, depending upon the selected input, one of the 
dialogs shown below will continuously scroll through the screen.
 
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.No DP Cable
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP2718Q
or
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP2718Q
No mDP Cable Troubleshooting        |    51or
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP2718QNo HDMI1 Cable
or
Dell UltraSharp 27 Monito r
The display will go into Power Save Mode in 4 minutes.
www.d ell.com/suppor t/mo nitors
UP2718QNo HDMI2 Cable
 4    This box also appears during normal system operation, if the video cable becomes
          disconnected or damaged.
   5    Turn off your monitor and reconnect the video cable; then turn on both your
         computer and the monitor.
If your monitor screen remains blank after you use the previous procedure, check your 
video controller and computer, because your monitor is functioning properly.52    |       Troubleshooting
Built-in Diagnostics
Your monitor has a built-in diagnostic tool that helps you determine if the screen 
abnormality you are experiencing is an inherent problem with your monitor, or with your 
computer and video card.
  NOTE:  You can run the built-in diagnostics only when the video cable is unplugged
        and the monitor is in self-test mode.
 
654321
To run the built-in diagnostics:
   1    Make sure that the screen is clean (no dust particles on the surface of the screen).
   2    Unplug the video cable(s) from the back of the computer or monitor. The monitor 
         then goes into the self-test mode.
   3    Press and hold Button 1 for 5 seconds. A gray screen appears.
   4    Carefully inspect the screen for abnormalities.
   5    Press Button 1  on the front panel again. The color of the screen changes to red.
   6    Inspect the display for any abnormalities.
   7    Repeat steps 5 and 6 to inspect the display in green, blue, black, white, and text 
         screens.
The test is complete when the text screen appears. To exit, press Button 1  again. 
If you do not detect any screen abnormalities upon using the built-in diagnostic tool, 
the monitor is functioning properly. Check the video card and computer. Troubleshooting        |    53Common Problems
The following table contains general information about common monitor problems you 
might encounter and the possible solutions:
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No Video/Power 
LED offNo picture •	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor and the computer is properly connected 
and secure.
•	Verify that the power outlet is functioning 
properly using any other electrical equipment.
•	Ensure that the power button is depressed fully.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
No Video/Power 
LED onNo picture or no 
brightness•	Increase brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
•	Ensure that the correct input source is selected in 
the Input Source  menu.
Missing Pixels LCD screen has 
spots•	Cycle	power	on-off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect	
that can occur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
and Pixel Policy, see Dell Support site at:  http://
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Stuck-on Pixels LCD screen has 
bright spots•	Cycle	power	On-Off.
•	Pixel	that	is	permanently	off	is	a	natural	defect	
that can occur in LCD technology.
•	For	more	information	on	Dell	Monitor	Quality	
and PixelPolicy, see Dell Support site at:  http://
www.dell.com/support/monitors .
Brightness 
ProblemsPicture too dim 
or too bright•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
•	Adjust brightness & contrast controls via OSD.
Safety Related 
IssuesVisible signs of 
smoke or sparks•	Do not perform any troubleshooting steps.
•	Contact Dell immediately.
Intermittent 
ProblemsMonitor 
malfunctions on 
& off•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
•	Reset	the	monitor	to	factory	settings.
•	Perform monitor self-test feature check to 
determine if   the intermittent problem occurs in 
self-test mode.54    |       Troubleshooting
Common 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Missing Color Picture missing 
color•	Perform monitor self-test.
•	Ensure that the video cable connecting the 
monitor to the computer is connected properly 
and is secure.
•	Check for bent or broken pins in the video cable 
connector.
Wrong Color Picture color 
not good•	Change the settings of the Preset Modes  in the 
Color  menu OSD depending on the application.
•	Adjust R/G/B value under Custom. Color  in Color  
menu OSD.
•	Change the Input Color Format  to PC RGB or 
YPbPr in the Color  menu OSD.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics.
Image retention 
from a static 
image left on 
the monitor for 
a long period of 
timeFaint shadow 
from the static 
image displayed 
appears on the 
screen•	Use the Power Management  feature to turn off 
the monitor at all times when not in use (for more 
information, see Power Management Modes ).
•	Alternatively, use a dynamically changing 
screensaver.
Product Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
Screen image is 
too smallImage is 
centered on 
screen, but does 
not fill entire 
viewing area•	Check the Aspect Ratio  setting in the Display  
menu OSD.
•	Reset the monitor to factory settings.
No Input Signal 
when user 
controls are 
pressedNo picture, 
the LED light is 
white•	Check the signal source. Ensure the computer 
is not in the power saving mode by moving the 
mouse or pressing any key on the keyboard.
•	Check whether the signal cable is plugged in 
properly. Re-plug the signal cable if necessary.
•	Reset the computer or video player.
The picture 
does not fill the 
entire screenThe picture 
cannot fill the 
height or width 
of the screen•	Due to different video formats (aspect ratio) of 
DVDs, the monitor may display in full screen.
•	Run the built-in diagnostics. Troubleshooting        |    55Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
No image 
when using DP 
connection to 
the PCBlack screen •	Verify which DP standard (DP 1.1a or DP 1.4) is 
your Graphics Card certified to. Download and 
install the latest graphics card driver.
•	Some DP 1.1a graphics card cannot support 
  DP 1.4 monitors. Go to OSD menu, under Input 
  Source selection, press and hold DP select 
  
  key for 8 sec to change the monitor setting from 
  DP 1.4 to DP 1.1a. 
Universal Serial Bus (USB) Specific Problems
Specific 
SymptomsWhat You 
ExperiencePossible Solutions
USB interface is 
not workingUSB peripherals 
are not working•	Check that your monitor is turned ON.
•	Reconnect the upstream cable to your computer.
•	Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
•	Switch off and then turn on the monitor again.
•	Reboot the computer.
•	Some USB devices like external portable HDD 
require higher electric current; connect the 
device directly to the computer system.
Supre Speed 
USB 3.0 
interface is slow.Super Speed 
USB 3.0 
peripherals 
working slowly 
or not working 
at all•	Check that your computer is USB 3.0-capable.
•	Some computers have USB 3.0, USB 2.0, and 
USB 1.1 ports. Ensure that the correct USB port is 
used.
•	Reconnect the upstream cable to your computer.
•	Reconnect the USB peripherals (downstream 
connector).
•	Reboot the computer.
Wireless USB 
peripherals stop 
working when a 
USB 3.0 device 
is plugged inWireless USB 
peripherals 
responding 
slowly or only 
working as 
the distance 
between itself 
and its receiver 
decreases•	Increase the distance between the USB 3.0 
peripherals and the wireless USB receiver.
•	Position your wireless USB receiver as close as 
possible to the wireless USB peripherals.
•	Use a USB-extender cable to position the wireless 
USB receiver as far away as possible from the 
USB 3.0 port.56    |       Appendix
Appendix
                                                                                                                                                       
Safety Instructions
For displays with glossy bezels the user should consider the placement of the display as 
the bezel may cause disturbing reflections from surrounding light and bright surfaces.
   WARNING:  Use of controls, adjustments, or procedures other than those
         specified in this documentation may result in exposure to shock, electrical 
         hazards, and/or mechanical hazards.
For information on safety instructions, see the Safety, Environmental, and Regulatory 
Information (SERI).
FCC Notices (U.S. only) and Other Regulatory 
Information
For FCC notices and other regulatory information, see the regulatory compliance 
website located at  www.dell.com/regulatory_compliance .
Contacting Dell
  NOTE:  If you do not have an active Internet connection, you can find contact 
       information on your purchase invoice, packing slip, bill, or Dell product catalog.
Dell provides several online and telephone-based support and service options. 
Availability varies by country and product, and some services may not be available in 
your area. 
To get online Monitor support content:
         See  www.dell.com/support/monitors .
To contact Dell for sales, technical support, or customer service issues:
1    Go to  www.dell.com/support .
2    Verify your country or region in the Choose A Country/Region drop-down menu
at the top-left corner of the page.
3    Click Contact Us  next to the country dropdown.
4    Select the appropriate service or support link based on your need.
5    Choose the method of contacting Dell that is convenient for you. Appendix        |    57Setting Up Your Monitor
Setting Display Resolution to 3840 x 2160  (maximum)
For best performance, set the display resolution to 3840 x 2160 pixels by performing the 
following steps:
In Windows  Vista,  Windows 7, Windows 8 or Windows 8.1:
   1   For Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch to classic
        desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Screen Resolution .
   3   Click the Dropdown list of the Screen Resolution and select 3840 x 2160.
   4   Click OK.
In Windows 10:
   1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings.
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click the dropdown list of Resolution  and select  3840 x2160.
   4   Click Apply .
If you do not see the recommended resolution as an option, you may need to update 
your graphics driver. Please choose the scenario below that best describes the 
computer system you are using, and follow the given steps.
Dell computer
   1   Go to www.dell.com/support , enter your service tag, and download the latest 
        driver for your graphics card.
   2   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution to
       3840 x 2160 again.
  NOTE: If you are unable to set the resolution to 3840 x 2160, please contact Dell 
       to inquire about a graphics adapter that supports these resolutions.58    |       Appendix
Non-Dell computer
In Windows  Vista, Windows 7 , Windows 8  or Windows 8.1 :
   1   For Windows 8 or Windows 8.1 only, select the Desktop tile to switch 
        to classic desktop.
   2   Right-click on the desktop and click Personalization .
   3   Click Change Display Settings .
   4   Click Advanced Settings .
   5   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, AMD , Intel etc.).
   6   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http://www. AMD .com   or  http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
   7   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 3840 x 2160  again.
In Windows 10 :
    1   Right-click on the desktop and click Display Settings .
   2   Click Advanced display settings .
   3   Click Display adapter properties.
   4   Identify your graphics controller supplier from the description at the top of the
        window (e.g. NVIDIA, AMD , Intel etc.).
   5   Refer to the graphic card provider website for updated driver (for example, 
        http://www. AMD .com   or  http://www.NVIDIA.com ).
   6   After installing the drivers for your graphics adapter, attempt to set the resolution
        to 3840 x 2160  again.
 NOTE: If you are unable to set the recommended resolution, please contact the 
manufacturer of your computer or consider purchasing a graphics adapter that 
supports the video resolution. Appendix        |    59Maintenance Guidelines
Cleaning Your Monitor
   WARNING: Before cleaning the monitor, unplug the monitor power cable from
           the electrical outlet.
    CAUTION: Read and follow the Safety Instructions  before cleaning the monitor.
For best practices, follow these instructions in the list below while unpacking, cleaning, 
or handling your monitor:
•	To clean your anti-static screen, lightly dampen a soft, clean cloth with water. If 
possible, use a special screen-cleaning tissue or solution suitable for the anti-static 
coating. Do not use benzene, thinner, ammonia, abrasive cleaners, or compressed 
air.
•	Use a lightly-dampened, soft cloth to clean the monitor. Avoid using detergent of 
any kind as some detergents leave a milky film on the monitor.  
•	If you notice white powder when you unpack your monitor, wipe it off with a cloth.
•	Handle your monitor with care as a darker-colored monitor may get scratched and 
show white scuff marks more than a lighter- colored monitor.
•	To help maintain the best image quality on your monitor, use a dynamically 
changing screen saver and turn off your monitor when not in use.User Manual
U24E850R
U28E850RU32E850R
The color and the appearance may differ depending on
the product, and the specifications are subject to
change without prior notice to improve the performance.
BN46-00482B-12Table Of Contents 2Table Of Contents
BEFORE USING THE
PRODUCT7 Copyright
7 Icons used in this manual
8 Cleaning
9 Securing the Installation Space9 Precautions for storage 
10 Safety Precautions
10 Symbols
11 Electricity and Safety
12 Installation and Safety
14 Operation
17 Correct posture to use the product 
PREPARATIONS 18 Checking the Contents
18 Checking the Components
19 Parts
19 Frontal Button
21 Reverse Side
27 Installation
27 Removing the Stand
28 Installing the Wall Mount30 Installing a Wall-mount Kit or Desktop Stand
31 Adjusting the Product Tilt and Height
31 Rotating the Monitor Screen32 Anti-theft Lock
33 "MagicRotation Auto"
34 Rotating the monitor
CONNECTING AND USING
A SOURCE DEVICE35 Before Connecting
35 Pre-connection CheckpointsTable Of Contents
Table Of Contents 335 Connecting and Using a PC
35 Connection Using the HDMI Cable
37 Connection Using the DP Cable37 Connection Using the MINI DP Cable
38 Connecting to Headphones
39 Connecting the Power39 Tidying Up the Connected Cables
40 Connecting the Product to a PC as a 
USB HUB
40 Connecting a PC to the Product
40 Utilizing the Product as a USB HUB
42 Driver Installation
43 Setting Optimum Resolution
SCREEN SETUP 44 SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
44 Configuring SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
47 Brightness
47 Configuring Brightness
48 Contrast
48 Configuring Contrast
49 Sharpness
49 Configuring Sharpness
50 Color
50 Configuring Color
52 SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle (U28E850R)
52 Configuring SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle
54 HDMI Black Level
54 Configuring the HDMI Black Level Settings
55 Eye Saver Mode
55 Configuring Eye Saver ModeTable Of Contents
Table Of Contents 456 Game Mode
56 Configuring Game Mode
58 Response Time
58 Configuring the Response Time
59 Picture Size
59 Changing the Picture Size
61 Screen Adjustment
61 Configuring H-Position  & V-Position
CONFIGURING THE PIP/
PBP SETTINGS62 PIP/PBP
64 Configuring PIP/PBP Mode
65 Configuring Size
66 Configuring Position
67 Configuring Sound Source
68 Configuring Source
72 Configuring Picture Size
76 Configuring Contrast
COORDINATING OSD 78 Transparency
78 Changing Transparency
79 Language
79 Configuring Language
80 Display Time
80 Configuring Display Time
SETUP AND RESET 81 FreeSync
81 Configuring FreeSync
84 Smart Eco Saving
84 Configuring Smart Eco Saving
85 Off Timer Plus
85 Configuring Off Timer
87 Configuring Eco TimerTable Of Contents
Table Of Contents 589 USB Super Charging
89 Configuring USB Super Charging
91 PC/AV Mode
91 Configuring PC/AV Mode
93 DisplayPort Ver.
93 Configuring DisplayPort Ver.
94 Source Detection
94 Configuring Source Detection
95 Key Repeat Time
95 Configuring Key Repeat Time
96 Reset All 
96 Initializing Settings ( Reset All )
INFORMATION MENU AND
OTHERS97 Information
97 Displaying Information
98 Configuring Brightness, Contrast and 
Volume from th e Initial Screen
INSTALLING THE
SOFTWARE99 Easy Setting Box
99 Installing the Software
100 Removing the Software
TROUBLESHOOTING
GUIDE101 Requirements Before Contacting 
Samsung Customer Service Center
101 Testing the Product
101 Checking the Resolution and Frequency101 Check the following.
104 Q & A
SPECIFICATIONS 106 General
108 Standard Signal Mode TableTable Of Contents
Table Of Contents 6APPENDIX 113 Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost 
to Customers)
113 Not a product defect
113 A Product damage caused by customer's fault
113 Others
114 Correct Disposal
114 Correct Disposal of This Product (Waste 
Electrical & Electronic Equipment)
115 Terminology
INDEX7 Before Using the Product Before Using the Product
Copyright
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 2015 Samsung Electronics
Samsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.
Use or reproduction of this manual in  parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is 
prohibited.Microsoft and Windows are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
VESA, DPM and DDC are registered trademarks of the Video Electronics Standards Association.
Icons used in this manual
The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may 
differ from what is shown in the images.b8Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductCleaning
Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched.
Take the following steps when cleaning.
1. Power off the monitor and computer.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the monitor.
 
Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet 
hands. Otherwise, an electric shock may result.
 
3. Wipe the monitor with a clean, soft and dry cloth.
Do not apply a cleaning agent that contains alcohol, 
solvent, or surfactant to the monitor.
Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4. Wet a soft and dry cloth in water and wring thoroughly to clean the 
exterior of the monitor.
5. Connect the power cord to the product after cleaning the product.
6. Power on the monitor and computer.!
!9Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductSecuring the Installation Space
Ensure some space around the product for ventilation. An internal temperature rise may cause fire and 
damage the product. Be sure to allow the amount of space as shown below or greater when installing the product.
 
The exterior may differ depending on the product.
 
Precautions for storage 
 
Be sure to contact Samsung Customer Service Center if the inside of the monitor needs cleaning. 
(Service fee will be charged.)
 10 cm 10 cm10 cm
10 cm10 cm10Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductSafety Precautions
SymbolsCaution
RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN
Caution: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER (OR 
BACK). THERE ARE NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER ALL SERVICING TO 
QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
This symbol indicates that high voltage is present inside. It is dangerous to 
make any kind of contact with any internal part of this product.
This symbol alerts you that important literature concerning operation and maintenance has been included with this product.
 Warning A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
 CautionPersonal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are not followed.
Activities marked by this symbol are prohibited.
Instructions marked by this symbol must be followed.11Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductElectricity and Safety
 
The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
 
 Warning
Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not plug many products into the same power socket.
Otherwise, the socket may overheat and cause a fire.
Do not touch the power plug with wet hands.
Otherwise, an electric shock may result.
Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
An unstable connection may cause a fire.
Connect the power plug to a grounded power socket (type 1 insulated devices 
only). 
An electric shock or injury may result.
Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Do not weigh the power cord down with a heavy object.
A damaged power cord may cause an electric shock or fire.
Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources. 
An electric shock or fire may result.
Remove foreign substances such as dust around the plug pins and power socket 
with a dry cloth. 
Otherwise, a fire may result.!
!
!12Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product Caution
Installation and Safety
 WarningDo not unplug the power cord when the product is in use.
The product may become damaged by an electric shock.
Do not use the power cord for products other than authorized products supplied 
by Samsung. 
An electric shock or fire may result.
Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed. 
If any problem occurs in the product, unplug the power cable to completely 
cut the power to the product.
Power to the product cannot be completely cut off with the power button. 
Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket. 
An electric shock or fire may result.
DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT RE PELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP 
OF THE PRODUCT. DO NOT INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
Otherwise, a fire may result.
Avoid installing the product in a narrow space with bad ventilation, such as a 
bookshelf or wall closet.
Otherwise, a fire may result due to an increased internal temperature.
Keep the plastic packaging bag for the product in a place that cannot be reached 
by children.
Children may suffocate.!
!
!
!13Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product CautionDo not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, 
sloped surface, etc.). 
The product may fall and break or cause a personal injury.
Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the product 
or cause a fire.
Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water 
drips, etc.), oil, or smoke. 
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a 
stove.
Otherwise, the product lifespan may be reduced, or a fire may result.
Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
The product may fall and injure children. 
Edible oil, such as soybean oil, can dama ge or deform the product. Do not install 
the product in a kitchen or near a kitchen counter.
Take care not to drop the product when moving it. 
Otherwise, product failure or personal injury may result.
Do not set down the product on its front.
The screen may become damaged.
When installing the pr oduct on a cabi net or shelf, make sure that the bottom 
edge of the front of the product is not protruding.
The product may fall and break or cause a personal injury.
Install the product only on cabine ts or shelves of the right size.!
!14Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductOperation
 WarningPut down the product carefully.
The product may fall and break or cause a personal injury.
Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine dust, 
chemical substances, extreme temperatures or a significant presence of moisture, or a place where the product will operate continuously for an extended 
period of time) may seriously affect its performance.
Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Center before installation if 
you want to install the product at such a place.
High voltage runs through the product. Do not attempt to disassemble, repair, or 
modify the product on your own.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for repair.
To move the product, first disconnect all the cables from it, including the power 
cable.
Otherwise, the power cord may be damaged and a fire or electric shock may 
result.
If the product generates a strange noise, a burning smell, or smoke, remove the 
power cord immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
The product may fall, and your child may become injured or seriously 
harmed.
If the product falls or the exterior is damaged, power off the product, remove the 
power cord, and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Otherwise, an electric shock or fire may result. 
Do not put a heavy object, toy, or sweets on top of the product.
The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toy or 
sweets resulting in a serious injury.!
SAMSUNG
!
!
!15Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductDuring a lightning or thunderstorm, power off the product and remove the power 
cable.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
Otherwise, the power cable may be damaged and product failure, an electric 
shock or fire may result.
If a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, ventilate 
the area immediately.
Sparks can cause an explosion or fire.
Do not lift or move the product by the power cord or any cable.
Otherwise, the power cable may be damaged and product failure, an electric 
shock or fire may result.
Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near the 
product.
An explosion or fire may result.
Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
Otherwise, a fire may result from an increased internal temperature.
Do not insert a metallic object (a chopstick, coin, hair pin, etc.) or inflammable 
object (paper, match, etc.) into the vent or ports of the product.
If water or any foreign substance enters the product, be sure to power off the 
product, remove the power cord, and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result. 
Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic 
objects on top of the product.
If water or any foreign substance enters the product, be sure to power off the 
product, remove the power cord, and contact Samsung Customer Service Center. 
Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result.!
!
!GAS
!
10016Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product Caution
Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time 
may cause afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
If you are not going to use the product for an extended period of time, 
activate power-saving  mode or a moving-picture screen saver.
Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the 
product for an extended period of time (vacation, etc).
Otherwise, a fire may result from accumulated dust, overheating, an electric 
shock, or electric leakage. 
Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
Your eyesight may deteriorate.
Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can deteriorate 
your eyesight.
Do not hold the monitor upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
The product may fall and break or cause a personal injury.
Do not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes for every 1 hour of product use.
Eye fatigue will be relieved.
Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an extended period of time as it will become hot.
Store the small accessories used with the product out of reach of children.!
!
-_-
!
!
!
!
!17Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductCorrect posture to use the product Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle or stand height.
Otherwise, children's fingers or hands may become stuck and injured.
Tilting the product excessively may cause it to fall and result in personal 
injury. 
Do not place heavy objects on the product.
Product failure or person al injure may result.
When using headphones or earphones, do not turn the volume too high.
Having the sound too loud may damage your hearing.!
Use the product in the correct posture as follows:
Straighten your back.
Allow a distance of 45 to 50 cm between your eye and the screen, and look slightly downward at the screen. 
Keep your eyes directly in front of the screen. 
Adjust the angle so light does not reflect on the screen.
Keep your forearms perpendicular to your upper arms and level with the back of 
your hands.
Keep your elbows at about a right angle.
Adjust the height of the product so you can keep your knees bent at 90 degrees or more, your heels attached to the floor, and your arms lower than your heart.50 cm181 Preparations1 Preparations
1.1 Checking the Contents
1.1.1 Checking the Components
 
 Contact the dealer from whom you purch ased the product if any item is missing.
 The appearance of the components may differ from the images shown.
 
Components
 
 Components may vary depending on the country.
 Recommend to use the HDMI cable and DP cable which is provided by the supplier.
 The optimal resolution may not be available when using a non-high speed HDMI or 
HDMI-DVI cable. 
 To ensure that the screen displays properly and sound can be normal output, using a standard DP, MINI DP or HDMI cable is recommended. The DP, MINI DP and HDMI cables must support a resolution of 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz. (U24E850R)
 To ensure that the screen displays properly and sound can be normal output, using a DP or MINI DP cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz is recommended. An HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz will work when connect with HDMI 1 . An HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 
2160 @ 60 Hz will work when connect with HDMI 2. (U28E850R / U32E850R)
 Quick Setup Guide Warranty card
(Not available in some locations)Regulatory guide
(optional)
User manual (optional) Power cable HDMI cable (optional)
DP cable (optional) MINI DP cable (optional) USB 3.0 cable (optional)19Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2 Parts
1.2.1 Frontal Button
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown.
Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 
Icons Description
Open or close the onscreen display (OSD) menu, or return to the parent 
menu.
OSD control lock: Maintain the current settings, or lock the OSD 
control to prevent unintended changes to settings.
Enable: To lock the OSD control, press and hold the [ ] button for 10 seconds. 
Disable: To unlock the OSD control, press and hold the [ ] button for 10 seconds. 
 If the OSD control is locked, 
Brightness , Contrast  and Volume  can be adjusted. 
PIP/PBP  and Eye Saver Mode  are available. Information  can be 
viewed.
 
Select [ ] to display and access the following menu items.
Press to enable or disable Eye Saver Mode.
The items below are not available if the Eye Saver Mode  function is 
enable.
PICTURE   Game Mode , Bright , Angle , Brightness
COLOR 
System  Smart Eco SavingMENUEYE
SAVERSOURCE PIP/PBPFunction Key Guide
MENUEYE
SAVERSOURCE PIP/PBP
SAMSUNG
MAGICSAMSUNG
MAGIC20Preparations1
1 PreparationsMove to the upper or lower menu or adjust the value for an option on the 
OSD menu.
Adjust the screen brightne ss, contrast and volume.
Confirm a menu selection.
Pressing the [ ] button when the OSD menu is not displayed will 
change the input source U24E850R (DisplayPort /Mini DP /HDMI ), 
U28E850R / U32E850R (DisplayPort /Mini DP /HDMI 1 /HDMI 2 ). If you 
power on the product or change the input source by pressing the 
[ ] button, a message that shows the changed input source will 
appear at the top left corner of the screen. 
Press the button when configuring settings for the PIP/PBP  function is 
required.
Turn the screen on or off. 
Function Key GuideWhen a control button on the product is pressed, the Function Key Guide 
will be displayed before th e onscreen menu opens. 
(The guide shows the function of the button pressed.) 
To access the onscreen menu when the guide is displayed, press the 
corresponding button again.
The Function Key Guide may vary depending on the function or product 
model.
Refer to the actual product.Icons Description21Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2.2 Reverse Side
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown.
Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 
U24E850R
Port Description
Connect the power cord for your monitor to the [POWER IN] port on 
the back of the product.
Connect to a source device using an HDMI cable. 
Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
Connects to a PC using a MINI DP cable.22Preparations1
1 PreparationsConnect to a USB device.
 
High-speed charging is possible using the [ ] and [ ] 
ports only. These ports charge devices faster than typical USB 
ports. The speed depends on the connected devices.
 
Connects to a PC using a USB cable. Compatible with a USB cable 
version 3.0 or lower.
 
This port can only connect to a PC.
 
Connect to an audio output device such as headphones.Port Description
1 223Preparations1
1 PreparationsU28E850R
Port Description
Connect the power cord for your monitor to the [POWER IN] port on 
the back of the product.
Connect to a source device using an HDMI cable.
 
HDMI 1 support 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz
HDMI 2 support 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz
 
Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
Connects to a PC using a MINI DP cable.
Connect to a USB device.
 
High-speed charging is possible using the [ ] and [ ] ports only. These ports charge devices faster than typical USB ports. The speed depends on the connected devices.
 1212
1 224Preparations1
1 PreparationsConnects to a PC using a USB cable. Compatible with a USB cable 
version 3.0 or lower.
 
This port can only connect to a PC.
 
Connect to an audio output device such as headphones.Port Description25Preparations1
1 PreparationsU32E850R
Port Description
Connect the power cord for your monitor to the [POWER IN] port on 
the back of the product.
Connect to a source device using an HDMI cable.
 
HDMI 1 support 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz
HDMI 2 support 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz
 
Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
Connects to a PC using a MINI DP cable.
Connect to a USB device.
 
High-speed charging is possible using the [ ] and [ ] ports only. These ports charge devices faster than typical USB ports. The speed depends on the connected devices.
 1212
1 226Preparations1
1 PreparationsConnects to a PC using a USB cable. Compatible with a USB cable 
version 3.0 or lower.
 
This port can only connect to a PC.
 
Connect to an audio output device such as headphones.
Connect to an external device.Port Description27Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3 Installation
1.3.1 Removing the Stand
 
 The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown.
Specifications are subject to change  without notice to improve quality.
 Power the product off and remove the power cable from the power socket.
 
Place a protective cloth or 
cushion on a flat surface. Next, 
place the product with the face 
down on top of the cloth or cushion.Unfasten the screw from the back of the product.Lift and detach the stand.
- Caution
Do not place your hands in the swiveling area.Do not put the hand below the stand body.Do not hold the product upside down only by the stand.28Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.2 Installing the Wall Mount
Installing the Wall Mount Kit
The wall mount kit allows you to mount the product on the wall.
Purchase a compatible wall-mount kit to use with the product.For detailed information on inst alling the wall mount, see the 
instructions provided with the wall mount.We recommend you contact a technician for assistance when 
installing the wall mount bracket.
Samsung Electronics is not responsible for any damage to the 
product or injury to yourself or others if yo u elect to install the
wall mount on your own.29Preparations1
1 PreparationsWall Mount Kit Specifications (VESA)
 Install your wall mount on a solid wall perpendicula r to the floor. Before attaching the wall mount to
surfaces other than plaster board, please contact your nearest dealer for additional information.
If you install the product on a slanted wall, it may fall and result in severe personal injury.
Samsung wall mount kits contain a detailed installation manual and all parts necessary for assembly are 
provided.
 
Unit: mm
 
Do not install your Wall Mount Kit while your product is turned on. It may result in personal injury due to 
electric shock.
  
 Do not use screws that are longer than the standard length or 
do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications. Screws that are too long may cause damage to the inside of the product.
 For wall mounts that do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications, the length of the screws may differ depending on the wall mount specifications.
 Do not fasten the screws too firmly. This may damage the product or cause the product to fall, leading to personal injury. Samsung is not liable for these kinds of accidents.
 Samsung is not liable for product damage or personal injury 
when a non-VESA or non-specified wall mount is used or the 
consumer fails to follow the product installation instructions.
 Do not mount the product at more than a 15 degree tilt.
 Always have two people mount the product on a wall.
 Standard dimensions for wall mount kits are shown in the table below.
 
Model nameVESA screw hole 
specs (A * B) in 
millimetersStandard Screw Quantity
U24E850R
U28E850RU32E850R 100 x 100 M4 430Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.3 Installing a Wall-moun t Kit or Desktop Stand
U24E850R / U28E850R / U32E850R
Align the grooves and tightly fasten the screws on the bracket on the product with the corresponding 
parts on the wall-mount kit or desktop stand you want to attach.
 
Notes
 Using a screw longer than the standard length can damage the internal components of the 
product.
 The length of screws required for a wall mount that does not comply with the VESA standards may vary depending on the specifications.
 Do not use screws that do not comply with the VESA standards. Do not attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force. The product may get damaged or fall and cause personal injury. Samsung shall not be held liable for any damage or injury caused by using improper screws or attaching the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force.
 Samsung shall not be held liable for any product damage or personal injury caused by using a wallmount kit other than the one specified or from  an attempt to install the wall-mount kit on your 
own.
 To mount the product on a wall, ensure you purchase a wall-mount kit that can be installed 10 cm or farther away from the wall.
 Be sure to use a wall-mount kit that complies with the standards.
 To install the product on a wall using the wall-mount kit, remove the stand.
 Attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand here
Wall-mount bracket (optional)2
41
A
3
B
A
B31Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.4 Adjusting the Product Tilt and Height
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. 
Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 The monitor tilt and height can be adjusted.
 Hold the top center of the product and adjust the height carefully.
 
1.3.5 Rotating the Monitor Screen
You can rotate your monitor as shown below.
 
 Adjust the screen following the arrow direction.
 Rotate the screen in clockwise direction till it  becomes completely vertical to the desktop.
 The monitor may get damaged if you rotate the scr een without tilt, or counter clockwise direction.
  -5° (±2°) – 22°(-1.5° – +2°) 0 – 130 mm (±3 mm)
1 2 3
4 5 632Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.6 Anti-theft Lock
An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places. The locking device shape 
and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft 
locking device for deta ils. The lock device is sold separately.
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change 
without notice to improve quality.
 
To lock an anti-theft locking device: 
1Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object such as a desk.
2Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4Lock the locking device.
 
 An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
 Refer to the user guide provided with y our anti-theft locking device for details.
 Anti-theft locking devices can be purch ased at electronics retailers or online.
 33Preparations1
1 Preparations1.4 "MagicRotation Auto"
The "MagicRotation Auto" function detects the rotation of monitors that are fitted with a rotation sensor 
and rotates the Windows screen accordingly.
[Software Installation]
1Insert the user manual CD provided with the product into the CD-ROM drive.
2Follow the instructions given on the screen to proceed with installation.
 
After installation, the application menu language will be displayed in the language of the operating 
system. 
(This complies with the basic policies of Windows.)
 
[Caution]
1Compatible only with Windows 7 (32 bit or 64 bit) and Windows 8 (32 bit or 64 bit).
2Compatible with a graphics card that complies with the DDC/CI and MS API standards
With a graphics card that does not comply with the aforementioned standards, 
the "MagicRotation Auto" function may not be available.
3To maximize the performance of the function, update the graphics card driver to the latest version.
4Fourteen languages are available as installation languages.
5If the orientation is set to a mode other than "Landscape" in the screen resolution menu on 
Windows 7, the "MagicRotation Auto" function may not work properly. 
6The OSD menu will be displayed if the monitor is rotated. When the monitor is rotate d, the screen 
reconfiguration process may be displayed or screen burn-in may appear, depending on the graphics card. This is performed by the Windows operating system and has no thing to do wi th the product.
7If you do not want the screen to rotate automatically when the monitor is rotated, press the Windows and L keys at the same time to lock the Window s operating system. If the operating system cannot 
be locked, it is due to the constraints of Windows API and has nothing to do with the product.(QJOLVK)UDQoDLV'HXWVFK0DJ\DU,WDOLDQR3ROVNL3RUWXJXrV
ƧǊǈǈǁƿǀ(VSDxRO6YHQVND7UNoH ᣣᧄ⺆㩷∝䇁ଞ˲߭34Preparations1
1 Preparations1.5 Rotating the monitor
When rotating the monitor, the rotation angle is displayed on the monitor screen.
The on-screen display (OSD) menu items will automatically rotate when the screen rotates.
[Caution]
1If the "MagicRotation Auto"  software is not installed on the monitor, contents on the screen cannot 
be rotated. The OSD can still rotate by 90° and display properly.
2Once rotated, the OSD may appear in a different view mode from the mode before it was rotated. 0° 90°
MENUEYE
SAVERSOURCE PIP/PBPMENU
EYE
SAVER
SOURCE
PIP/PBP
352 Connecting and Using a Source Device2 Connecting and Using a Source Device
2.1 Before Connecting
2.1.1 Pre-connection Checkpoints
Before connecting a source device, read the user manual provided with it.
The number and locations of ports on source devices may differ from device to device.
Do not connect the power cable until all connections are completed.Connecting the power cable during connection may damage the product.
Check the types of ports at the back of the product you want to connect.
2.2 Connecting and Using a PC
Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
 
 Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 To ensure the screen displays properly, do not  use HDMI-to-DP, micro HDMI-to-DP or other 
nonstandard cables bought from a dealer. It is recommended that you use the cables that came 
with the product.
 If you don't use the cable that came with the components of the monitor, the monitor may not support the best resolution.
 
2.2.1 Connection Using the HDMI Cable
 
Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables. 
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 
U24E850R
1Connect the HDMI cable to the [HDMI IN] port on the back of the product and the HDMI port on the 
PC.
2Press [ ] to change the input source to HDMI .DVI INHDMI IN 36Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device 
 Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
 To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use an HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz to 
connect HDMI. Make sure that the graphics card of the HDMI source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 
60 Hz.
 When connecting an HDMI cable, use the cable that came with the components of the monitor. If you use an HDMI cable other than provided by Samsung, the image quality may be degraded.
 
U28E850R / U32E850R
1Connect the [HDMI IN 1] or [HDMI IN 2] port on th e back of the product to the HDMI port on the PC 
using an HDMI cable. 
2Press [ ] to change the input source to HDMI 1  or HDMI 2 .
 
 Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
 To display 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz, use an HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz to connect HDMI 1. Make sure that the graphics card of the HDMI source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz.
 To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use an HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz to connect HDMI 2. Make sure that the graphics card of the HDMI source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz.
 When connecting an HDMI cable, use the cable that came with the components of the monitor. If you use an HDMI cable other than provided by Samsung, the image quality may be degraded.
 DVI IN HDMI IN 1 / HDMI IN 237Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2.2 Connection Using the DP Cable
 
Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables. 
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 
1Connect one end of the DP cable to the [DP IN] port on the side of the product and the other end to 
the DP port on the PC.
2Press [ ] to change the input source to DisplayPort .
 
 Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
 To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use a DP cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz. Make sure 
that the graphics card of the DP source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz.
 
2.2.3 Connection Usin g the MINI DP Cable
 
Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables. 
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 
1Connect one end of the MINI DP cable to the [MINI DP IN] port on the side of the product and the 
other end to the DP port on the PC.
2Press [ ] to change the input source to Mini DP .
 
 Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
 To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use a MINI DP cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz. 
Make sure that the graphics card of the MINI DP source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz.
 The DisplayPort  and Mini DP  can't be identified at the same time, so if the DisplayPort  or 
Mini DP  not as a source the PC may not be able to identify.
  DP IN
MINI DP IN38Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2.4 Connecting to Headphones
 
Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables. 
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 
1Connect an audio output device such as headphones to [ ] port on the product.
 
 The sound could only be heard when you video card's ports support audio out.
 Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
 39Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2.5 Connecting the Power
 
 Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 The exterior may differ depending on the product.
 
To use the product, connect the power cable to a power outlet and the [POWER IN] port on the 
product .
 
The input voltage is switched automatically.
 
2.2.6 Tidying Up the Connected CablesPOWER IN40Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.3 Connecting the Product to a PC as a USB HUB
2.3.1 Connecting a PC  to the Product
 
The product can function as a HUB by connecting to  a PC via a USB cable. You can connect a source 
device directly to the product and control the device from the product, without having to connect the 
device to the PC.
 
To use the product as a USB hub, connect the product to a PC using a USB cable.
Connect the USB cable to [ ] on the back of the product and USB [ ] on the PC.
 
A USB 2.0 cable can be used to connect the produc t to a PC. However, to take full advantage of the 
USB 3.0 function, connect a USB 3.0 cable between the PC and the product. Ensure the PC supports USB 3.0.
 
2.3.2 Utilizing the Product as a USB HUB
Using the product as a hub, connect and use various source devices with the product at the same time.
A PC cannot connect to multiple source devices at the same time as it has a limited number of 
input/output ports availa ble. The HUB feature on the product w ill improve your work efficiency by 
allowing you to connect multiple source devices to the USB ports on the product at the same time without connecting them to a PC.
If multiple source devices are co nnected to the PC, the many cables  around the PC may look messy. 
Connecting the devices directly to the product will resolve such inconvenience.
Connect a mobile device such as an MP3 player or smartphone to the product when connected to a PC. 
This allows you to control the device from the PC or charge the device battery.41Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device 
 To detect and start a USB device faster, connect the device to the USB 3.0 port on the product.
The read/write rate will be affected by the USB device and your PC. 
 The product does not support media play. If you need to play a file in your USB device, please
connect the product as a Hub to your PC and play the file on your PC. 
 For USB-related problems caused by OS, drive programs or software, please contact relevantsuppliers.
 With the launch of various USB devices on the market, we cannot guarantee that our products arecompatible with all USB devices. 
 For an external mass-storage HDD requiring external  power supply, be sure to connect it to a
power source.
 The high-speed charging can only be provided through ports [ ] and [ ]. According to the USB 3.0 battery charging specification, USB1  and USB2 can support a maximum current of 
1.5A. The actual current value depends on the device to be charged. 
If the current is too high or an exception occurs, the over-current protection will be triggered. This 
is a normal setting of the product.
 USB devices requiring high current may not be supported. [ ] and [ ] can support a 
maximum current of 1.5A, and [ ] and [ ] can support a maximum current of 1.0A.
 The battery can be charged in the power-saving mode, but it cannot be charged when the productis powered off.
 Charging your USB device is not possible if the power cable is disconnected from the powersocket.
 The USB device needs to be purchased separately. 
 1 2
1 242Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.4 Driver Installation
 
 You can set the optimum resolution and frequency for this product by installing the corresponding 
drivers.
 An installation driver is contained on the CD supplied with the product.
 If the file provided is faulty, visit th e Samsung homepage (http://www.samsung.com/) and 
download the file.
 
1Insert the user manual CD provided with the product into the CD-ROM drive.
2Click "Windows Driver".
3Follow the instructions given on the screen to proceed with installation.
4Select your product model from the list of models.
5Go to Display Properties and check that the resolution and refresh rate are appropriate.
Refer to your Windows OS manual for further details.
43Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.5 Setting Optimum Resolution
An information message abou t setting optimum resolution will appear if you power on the product for the 
first time after purchase.
Select a language on the product and change the resolution on your PC to the optimum setting.
1Press [ ] to display the language settings menu.
2To hide the information message, press [ ] or [ ].
 
 If the optimum resolution is not selected, the message will appear up to three times for a specified 
time even when the product is turned off and on again.
 The optimum resolution can also be selected in Control Panel  on your PC.
 &ORVH7KHRSWLPDOUHVROXWLRQIRUWKLV
PRQLWRULVDVIROORZV




[





+]/DQJXDJH (QJOLVK
8VHWKHDERYHVHWWLQJVWRVHWWKHUHVROXWLRQRQ\RXU3&
&XUUHQW5HVROXWLRQ



[



6HWXS*XLGH443 Screen Setup3 Screen Setup
Configure the screen settings such as brightness.
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
3.1 SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
This menu provides an optimum picture quality suitable for the environment where the product will be 
used.
 
 This menu is not available when Smart Eco Saving  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Angle  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
You can customize the brightness to suit your preferences.
3.1.1 Configuring SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Bright  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
U24E850R / U32E850RSAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver Mode OffPicture
CustomStandardCinemaDynamic ContrastSet to an optimum 
picture quality suitable for the working environment.45Screen Setup3
3 Screen SetupCustom : Customize the contrast and brightness as required.
Standard : Obtain a picture quality suitable for editing documents or using Internet.
Cinema : Obtain the brightness and sharpness of TVs suitable for enjoying video and DVD content.
Dynamic Contrast : Obtain balanced brightness through automatic contrast adjustment.U28E850R
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelOffPicture
Custom
StandardCinemaDynamic ContrastSet to an optimum 
picture quality suitable for the working environment.46Screen Setup3
3 Screen SetupWhen the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV, 
Bright  has four automatic picture settings (Dynamic , Standard , Movie  and Custom ) that are 
preset at the factory. You can activate either Dynamic , Standard , Movie  or Custom . You can 
select Custom which automatically recalls your personalized picture settings.
Dynamic : Select this mode to view a sharper image than in Standard  mode.
Standard : Select this mode when the surroundings are bright. This also provides a sharp 
image.
Movie : Select this mode when the surroundings are dark. This will save power and reduce eye 
fatigue.
Custom : Select this mode when you want to adjust the image according to your preferences.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850R 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver Mode OffPicture
DynamicStandardMovieCustomSet to an optimum 
picture quality suitable for the working environment.
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelOffPicture
Dynamic
StandardMovieCustomSet to an optimum 
picture quality suitable for the working environment.
SAMSUNG
MAGIC47Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.2 Brightness
You can adjust the general brightness of the picture. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will make the picture appear brighter.
 
 This menu is not available when Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Smart Eco Saving  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 
3.2.1 Configuring Brightness
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Brightness  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear. 
4Adjust the Brightness  using the [ ] buttons.
5The selected option will be applied.U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850RSAMSUNG
MAGIC
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeCustom
100
7560
OffPicture Adjust the brightness
level. Values closer to100 mean a brighterscreen.
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
OffPicture Adjust the brightness
level. Values closer to100 mean a brighterscreen.
Custom
100
75
6048Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.3 Contrast
Adjust the contrast between the objects and background. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will increase the contrast to make the object appear clearer.
 
 This option is not available when Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On  and the Size is set to  
(PBP Mode).
 
3.3.1 Configuring Contrast
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Contrast  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
4Adjust the Contrast  using the [ ] buttons.
5The selected option will be applied.U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850RSAMSUNG
MAGIC
AUTOAdjust the contrast 
level. Values closer to 100 mean a bigger light/dark contrast. 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeCustom
100
7560
OffPicture
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
OffPicture Adjust the contrast 
level. Values closer to 100 mean a bigger light/dark contrast.
Custom
100
75
6049Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.4 Sharpness
Make the outline of objects more clear or blurry. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will make the outline of objects clearer.
 
 This option is not available when Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
3.4.1 Configuring Sharpness
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Sharpness and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
4Adjust the Sharpness  using the [ ] buttons.
5The selected option will be applied.U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850RSAMSUNG
MAGIC
Adjust the sharpness
of the picture.Values closer to 100mean a sharper image. 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeCustom
100
7560
OffPicture
Custom
100
75
60
Off
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
OffPicture Adjust the sharpness
of the picture.Values closer to 100mean a sharper image.
Custom
100
75
6050Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.5 Color
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
 
 Adjust the tint of the screen. This menu is not available when Bright  is set to Cinema  or 
Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 The Color Tone  and Gamma menu is not available when Angle  is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
3.5.1 Configuring Color
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Color  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
Red: Adjust the red saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
Green : Adjust the green saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the 
color.
Blue: Adjust the blue saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
Color Tone : Select a color tone that best suits your viewing needs.U24E850R / U32E850R U28E850RSAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeCustom
100
7560
OffPicture Configure color 
settings.
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
OffPicture Configure color 
settings.
Custom
100
75
60
 
 Red
GreenBlueColor ToneGammaColor Adjust the red 
saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.50
5050
Normal
Mode151Screen Setup3
3 Screen SetupCool 2 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Cool 1 .
Cool 1 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Normal  mode.
Normal : Display the standard color tone.
Warm 1 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Normal mode.
Warm 2 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Warm 1 .
Custom: Customize the color tone.
 
When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to 
AV, Color Tone  has four color temperature settings ( Cool , Normal , Warm  and Custom ).
 
Gamma : Adjust the middle level of luminance.
Mode1
Mode2
Mode3
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.52Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.6 SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle (U28E850R)
Angle  allows you to configure the settings to obtain the optimum picture quality according to your 
viewing angle.
 
 This option is not available when Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
This feature provides the viewing angle, brightness, and tint to suit your preferences.
3.6.1 Configuring SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Angle  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.SAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
OffPicture Select an angle that 
best suits your viewing position.
Off
Lean Back Mode 1Lean Back Mode 2Standing ModeSide Mode53Screen Setup3
3 Screen SetupOff : Select this option to view directly in front of the product.
Lean Back Mode 1  : Select this option to view from a place slightly lower than the product.
Lean Back Mode 2  : Select this option to view from a place lower than Lean Back Mode 1.
Standing Mode  : Select this option to view from a place higher than the product.
Side Mode  : Select this option to view from either side of the product.
Group View : Select this option for more than one viewer to view from places ,  and .
Custom : Lean Back Mode 1  will be applied by default if Custom  is selected.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied. 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
OffPicture Select an angle that 
best suits your viewing position.
Group View
Custom
4
2
31
1
5 5
˝
˞
˟
ˠ
ˡ
˝ˠˡ54Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.7 HDMI Black Level
If a DVD player or set-top box is connected to the product via HDMI, image quality degradation (contrast/
color degradation, black level, etc.) may occur, depending on the connected source device. In such case, HDMI Black Level  can be used to adjust the image quality. If this is the case, correct the degraded 
picture quality using HDMI Black Level .
 
 This function is only available in HDMI , HDMI 1  or HDMI 2  mode. 
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
3.7.1 Configuring the HDMI Black Level Settings
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to HDMI Black Level  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
Normal : Select this mode when there is no contrast ratio degradation.
Low: Select this mode to reduce the black level and increase the white level when there is a 
contrast ratio degradation.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.
 
HDMI Black Level  may not be compatible with some source devices.
 U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850R 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeDynamic
100
75
60
OffPicture Optimize HDMI picture
brightness and contrastby adjusting the blacklevel of the video signal.
Normal
Low
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelDynamic
100
75
60
OffPicture Optimize HDMI picture
brightness and contrastby adjusting the blacklevel of the video signal.
Normal
Low55Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.8 Eye Saver Mode
 
Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
Set to an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation.
TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” is a certificat ion for products which meet requirements for lower 
blue light levels. When Eye Saver Mode  is 'On', the blue light that wavelength is around 400nm will 
decrease, and it will provide an opti mum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation. At the same time, the 
blue light level is lower than in the default settings, and it was tested by TÜV Rheinland and certified as it 
met the requirements of TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” standards.
3.8.1 Configuring Eye Saver Mode
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Eye Saver Mode  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850R 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright Dynamic
100
75
60
60
OffPicture Optimize HDMI picture
brightness and contrastby adjusting the blacklevel of the video signal.
Off
OnBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver Mode
 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentWidePicture Set to an optimum
picture quality suitablefor eye relaxation.
Off
On56Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.9 Game Mode
Configure the product screen settings for game mode.
Use this feature when playing games on a PC or when a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™ is connected.
 
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 This Menu is not available when Smart Eco Saving  is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
3.9.1 Configuring Game Mode
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Game Mode  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.
 
 Game Mode  turns Off when the monitor turns on, power-saving mode activates, or the input 
source changes. U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850R 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen Adjustment 16:9Picture Optimizes image
settings for playinggames.
Off
OnAlways On
 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen Adjustment16:9Picture Optimizes image
settings for playinggames.
Off
OnAlways On57Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup If you want to keep Game Mode  enabled all the time, select Always On .
 58Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.10 Response Time
Accelerate the panel response rate to make video appear more vivid and natural.
 
 It is best to set Response Time  to Standard or Faster  when you are not viewing a movie.
 This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size is set to / /  
(PIP Mode).
 
3.10.1 Configuring the Response Time
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Response Time  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850R 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen Adjustment 16:9Picture Accelerate the panel
response rate to makevideo appear morevivid and natural.
Standard
FasterFastest
 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOff
16:9Picture Accelerate the panel
response rate to makevideo appear morevivid and natural.
Standard
FasterFastest59Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.11 Picture Size
Change the picture size.
 
 This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On  and the Size is set to  
(PBP Mode).
 This menu is not available when FreeSync is enabled.
 
3.11.1 Changing the Picture Size
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Picture Size  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the input source.
Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the input source.In PC mode
U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850R 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOff
16:9Picture Choose the size and
aspect ratio of thepicture displayed onscreen.
Auto
Wide
 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOffOff
16:9Picture Choose the size and
aspect ratio of thepicture displayed onscreen.
Auto
Wide60Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup4:3: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
16:9: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
Screen Fit : Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting 
off.
 
 The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP/MINI DP cable.
 The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally 
(Not every model can support all of these signals.).
 This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode
 is set to AV .
 
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.In AV mode
U24E850R / U32E850R
U28E850R 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOff
16:9Picture Choose the size and
aspect ratio of thepicture displayed onscreen.
4:3
16:9Screen Fit
 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOffOff
16:9Picture Choose the size and
aspect ratio of thepicture displayed onscreen.
4:3
16:9Screen Fit61Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.12 Screen Adjustment
3.12.1 Configuring H-Position & V-Position
H-Position: Move the screen to the left or right.
V-Position : Move the screen up or down.
 This menu is only available when Picture Size  is set to Screen Fit  in AV Mode. When a 480P or 576P 
or 720P or 1080P signal is input in AV  mode and the monitor can display normally, select Screen Fit  to 
adjust horizontal position in 0-6 levels.
 1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Picture  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Screen Adjustment  and press [ ] on the product.
4Press [ ] to move to H-Position or V-Position  and press [ ].
The following screen will appear.
5Press [ ] to configure H-Position or V-Position .
6The selected option will be applied.U24E850R / U32E850R U28E850R
 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOff
Faster
Screen FitPicture
 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOffOff
Faster
Screen FitPicture
 
 H-Position
V-Position33Screen Adjustment Move the image
displayed on thescreen to the left orright.
 
 H-Position
V-Position33Screen Adjustment Move the image
displayed on thescreen up or down.624 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings
4.1 PIP/PBP
The PIP (Picture in Picture) function separates the screen into two parts. One source device is displayed 
on the main screen at the same time the another source device is displayed in inset windows. 
The PBP (Picture by Picture) function separates the screen in half displaying output from two different 
source devices simultaneously on the left and right sides of the screen.
 
 Compatible with Windows7 and Windows8.
 The PIP/PBP  function may not be available depending on the specifications of the graphics card 
used. If the screen is blank in PIP/PBP mode when the optimum resolution is selected, go to 
Control Panel   Display   Screen Resolution  and click Detect  on the PC. 
(Instructions are based on Windows 7.) If the screen is blank when the resolution is set to the 
optimum resolution, change the resolution to 1280 x 1024.
 The screen may flicker briefly or appear afte r a delay when you enable or disable the PIP/PBP 
function or when you change the screen size with the PIP/PBP  function activated.
This can typically arise when a PC and a monitor are connected to two or more input sources. 
It has nothing to do with the performance of a monitor.The issue is mainly caused when the video signals are delayed in transmission to the monitor 
depending on the graphics card performance.
 U24E850R
To maximize the picture quality and sound can be normal output, it is recommended to use a 
graphics card or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz) resolution when connect HDMI 
port.
 U28E850R / U32E850R
To maximize the picture quality and sound can be normal output, it is recommended to use a 
graphics card or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz) resolution when connect HDMI 1 
port. 
To maximize the picture quality and sound can be normal output, it is recommended to use a 
graphics card or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz) resolution when connect HDMI 2 
port.ª ª
63Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings When the PIP/PBP  function is enabled, the resolution will not be able to automatically switch to 
the optimum resolution due to a compatibility issue between the graphics card and the Windows 
system. Set PIP/PBP Mode  to Off . Alternatively, restart the monitor,then set the resolution to the 
optimum setting using the Windows interface.
 64Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.1 Configuring PIP/PBP Mode
Enable or disable the PIP/PBP  function.
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP Mode and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
Off / On
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.OffTurn PIP/PBP Mode
on or off.
 
 PIP/PBP
Off
OnPIP/PBP ModeSizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrast65Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.2 Configuring Size
Select the size and aspect ratio of the sub-screen.
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Size and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
 : Select the icon image if you want to use PBP mode where the optimum resolution for the 
left and right sides of the screen is 1920 x 2160 (width x height).
 : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution for the 
sub-screen is 720 x 480 (width x height).
 : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution of the 
sub-screen is 1280 x 720 (width x height).
 : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution of the 
sub-screen is 1920 x 1080 (width x height).
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.U24E850R U28E850R / U32E850R
 
 Select the size and
aspect ratio of thesub-screen.
Left:
HDMI
Right:
DisplayPort 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrast 75/100 
 Select the size and
aspect ratio of thesub-screen.
Left:
HDMI 2
Right:
HDMI 1 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrast 75/10066Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.3 Configuring Position
Select the position of the sub-screen from the available options.
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Position  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
  /  /  / 
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.
 
 Not available when PBP is selected.
 The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 U24E850R U28E850R / U32E850R
 
  
 Select the position of
the sub-screen fromthe available options.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
Main:
HDMI
Sub:
DisplayPort 
  
 Select the position of
the sub-screen fromthe available options.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
Main:
HDMI 2
Sub:
HDMI 167Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.4 Configuring Sound Source
Set which screen you want to hear the sound for.
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Sound Source  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
 
The white area of the icon means that the Sound Source  comes from the main screen/sub-screen 
or the left/right screen.
 
  /  
  /  
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.PIP
U24E850R U28E850R / U32E850R
PBP
U24E850R U28E850R / U32E850R 
  
  
 Set which screen you
want to hear thesound for.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75
Main:
HDMI 
Sub:
DisplayPort 
  
  
 Set which screen you
want to hear thesound for.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75
Main:
HDMI 2
Sub:
HDMI 1
 
  
  
 Set which screen you
want to hear thesound for.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/100
Left:
HDMI
Right:
DisplayPort 
  
  
 Set which screen you
want to hear thesound for.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/100
Left:
HDMI 2
Right:
HDMI 168Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.5 Configuring Source
Select the source for each screen.
Due to DisplayPort  and Mini DP  can't be identified at the same time, if DisplayPort  and Mini DP  as the 
source at the same time ,the ' Apply ' is not available. 
PIP
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Source and press [ ] (available in PIP mode ( Size / / )).
The following screen will appear.
U24E850R
 
If the function button description page appears, press  [] . 
The main screen will switch in the order DisplayPort Mini DP HDMI .
 
DisplayPort
Mini DP
HDMI ª ª
 
  
  
 Select the source for
each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastDisplayPortHDMI On69Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP SettingsU28E850R / U32E850R
 
If the function button description page appears, press  [] . 
The main screen will switch in the order DisplayPort Mini DP HDMI 1 HDMI 2 .
 
DisplayPort
Mini DP
HDMI 1
HDMI 2
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.
 
 The input source for the main screen changes.
 With the exception of the current input source, the other two input sources can be selected.
 The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 ª ª ª
 
  
  
 Select the source for
each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastDisplayPortHDMI 1HDMI 2 On70Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP SettingsPBP
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Source and press [ ] (available in PBP mode ( Size )).
The following screen will appear.
U24E850R
 
If the function button description page appears, press  [] . 
The main screen will switch in the order DisplayPort Mini DP HDMI .
 
DisplayPort
Mini DP
HDMI ª ª
 
  
  
 Select the source for
each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/1006RXUFH
 
 $SSO\
&DQFHODisplayPort HDMI71Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP SettingsU28E850R / U32E850R
 
If the function button description page appears, press  [] . 
The main screen will switch in the order DisplayPort Mini DP HDMI 1 HDMI 2 .
 
DisplayPort
Mini DP
HDMI 1
HDMI 2
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5Press [ ] to move to Apply  and press [ ] on the product. Pressing  [ ]  when Cancel  
is selected will clear the Source  settings and display the PIP/PBP  control menu page.
 
 The input source for the main screen changes.
 The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 When the input signal of the left and right screens are the same, the operation cannot be 
performed.
 ª ª ª
 
  
  
 Select the source for
each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/1006RXUFH
 
 $SSO\
&DQFHODisplayPort HDMI 172Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.6 Configuring Picture Size
Select the image size for sub-screen.
PIP
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Picture Size  and press [ ] (available in PIP mode ( Size //
)).
The following screen will appear.
Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.In PC mode
 
  
  
 Select the image size
for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/75
AutoWide73Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and 
standard broadcasts.
16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
Screen Fit : Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting 
anything off.
 
 The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP/MINI DP cable.
 The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally 
(Not every model can support all of these signals.).
 This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode
 is set to AV .
 
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.In AV mode
 
  
  
 Select the image size
for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/75
4:316:9Screen Fit74Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP SettingsPBP
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Picture Size  and press [ ] (available in PBP mode ( Size )).
The following screen will appear.
Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.In PC mode 
  
  
 Select the image size
for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/100
3LFWXUH6L]H
 
 $SSO\
&DQFHOWide Wide75Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and 
standard broadcasts.
16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
Screen Fit : Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting 
anything off.
 
 The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP/MINI DP cable.
 The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally 
(Not every model can support all of these signals.).
 This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode
 is set to AV .
 
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.In AV mode
3LFWXUH6L]H
 
 $SSO\
&DQFHO16:9 Wide76Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.7 Configuring Contrast
PIP
Adjust the contrast level for sub-screen.
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Contrast and press [ ] (available in PIP mode ( Size //) ) .
The following screen will appear.
4Adjust the Contrast  using the [ ] buttons.
5The selected option will be applied. 
  
  
 Adjust the contrast
level for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/75
7577Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP SettingsPBP
Adjust the contrast level for each screen.
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to PIP/PBP  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Contrast and press [ ] (available in PBP mode ( Size )).
The following screen will appear.
4Adjust the Contrast  using the [ ] buttons.
5The selected option will be applied. 
  
  
 Adjust the contrast
level for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
PIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/100
&RQWUDVW 785 Coordinating OSD5 Coordinating OSD
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
5.1 Transparency
Set the transparency for the menu windows.
5.1.1 Changing Transparency
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to OnScreen Display and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Transparency  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
4Press [ ] to move to the language you want and press [ ]. 
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Configure the 
transparency of the menu windows.
Transparency
LanguageDisplay Time  OffOn
OnScreen Display79Coordinating OSD5
5 Coordinating OSD5.2 Language
Set the menu language.
 
 A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display.
 It will not be applied to other functions on your PC.
 
5.2.1 Configuring Language
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to OnScreen Display and press [ ] on the product. 
3Press [ ] to move to Language  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
4Press [ ] to move to the language you want and press [ ]. 
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Set the menu
language.
Transparency
LanguageDisplay Time  DeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoOnScreen Display80Coordinating OSD5
5 Coordinating OSD5.3 Display Time
Set the on-screen display (OSD) menu to automatically disappear if the menu is not used for a specified 
period of time.
Display Time can be used to specify the time after which you want the OSD menu to disappear.
5.3.1 Configuring Display Time
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to OnScreen Display and press [ ] on the product. 
3Press [ ] to move to Display Time  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ]. 
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Set how long the menu
window will remain onscreen for when it isnot in use.Transparency
LanguageDisplay Time  5 sec10 sec20 sec200 secOnScreen Display
On816 Setup and Reset6 Setup and Reset 
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
6.1 FreeSync
 
 The functions available on the monitor may vary depending on the model. Refer to the actual 
product. 
 FreeSync  is a DisplayPort 1.2 function, so the choice of the DisplayPort Ver.1.1  in OSD, or when 
the access of HDMI signal, the FreeSync function is not available. Make sure to use a Samsung 
DP cable. DP cables not supplied by Samsung may not be compatible with the product.
 The sound quality of the monitor may decrease if FreeSync is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
6.1.1 Configuring FreeSync
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to FreeSync  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
Off: Disable FreeSync .
On: Enable the basic FreeSync  functions of the AMD graphics card.U28E850R
On
1.2
Auto 
 FreeSync technology 
is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency. FreeSync can be operated when you use AMD's graphic card with supporting Freesync solution.FreeSync
Smart Eco SavingOff Timer PlusUSB Super ChargingPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionSystem
Off
On82Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and ResetOff: Disable FreeSync .
Standard Engine : Enable the basic FreeSync  functions of the AMD graphics card.
Ultimate Engine : Enable the FreeSync  feature with a higher screen frame rate. Screen tearing 
(abnormal sync between the screen and content) is reduced in this mode.  Note that screen 
flickering may occur during game play.
 
If the FreeSync function is enabled, the screen may flicker when you play games.
 
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ]. 
5The selected option will be applied.
FreeSync  technology is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency.
FreeSync  can be operated when you use AMD's graphic card with supporting FreeSync  solution.
FreeSync  is only supported by AMD graphics cards. 
Select FreeSync  Off if you are using a graphics card from a different manufacturer.
Please refer to the AMD's official website related situation.
Only a few of the following types of AMD graphics card can support FreeSync , and need to install the 
AMD's latest official FreeSync driver.
Radeon R9 290X/290
Radeon R9 285
Radeon R7 260X/260
AMD A10 “Kaveri” APU (ex. A10 7850K)
 
 For additional AMD graphics card models that support the FreeSync feature, visit the official AMD 
website.
 If the FreeSync function is enabled, the response rate during the game may fluctuate depending 
on the resolution.A higher resolution generally decreases the response rate.
 If the FreeSync function is enabled, the screen can flicker depending on the game option settings. Decreasing the game setting values might help to re move the flicker. Installing the latest drivers 
from the AMD website may also fix this issue.
 U24E850R / U32E850R
On
1.2
Auto 
 FreeSync technology 
is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency. FreeSync can be operated when you use AMD's graphic card with supporting Freesync solution.FreeSync
Smart Eco SavingOff Timer PlusUSB Super ChargingPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionSystem
Off
Standard Engine Ultimate Engine83Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and ResetPoint the right mouse button, select the AMD Catalyst Control Center.
84Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.2 Smart Eco Saving
The Smart Eco Saving  function reduces power consumption by controlling the electric current used by 
the monitor panel.
 
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
6.2.1 Configuring Smart Eco Saving
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Smart Eco Saving  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
Off: Deactivate the Smart Eco Saving  function.
On: The power consumption will au tomatically be reduced by about 10% over the current 
setting.
(The reduction of power consumption depends on the customer screen brightness condition.)
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ]. 
5The selected option will be applied.1.2
Auto 
 Adjust the power
consumption of theproduct to save energy.
FreeSync
Smart Eco SavingOff Timer PlusUSB Super ChargingPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionOffOn
System85Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.3 Off Timer Plus
You can set the product to automatically turn off.
6.3.1 Configuring Off Timer
Off Timer
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Off Timer Plus and press [ ] on the product. 
4Press [ ] to move to Off Timer  and press [ ] on the product. 
5Press [ ] to move to Off Timer  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
Off: Deactivate the off timer so that the product does not power off automatically.
On: Activate the off timer so that the product powers off automatically.Off
Off
1.2
Auto 
 Set the monitor to 
automatically turn off after a certain time period.FreeSync
Smart Eco SavingOff Timer PlusUSB Super ChargingPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionSystem
 
 Enable or disable
the Off Timer.
Off Timer
Eco TimerOff Timer Plus
 
 Enable or disable the
Off Timer.
Off Timer
Turn Off AfterOffOnOff Timer86Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ]. 
7The selected option will be applied.
Turn Off After
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Off Timer Plus and press [ ] on the product. 
4Press [ ] to move to Off Timer and press [ ] on the product. 
5Press [ ] to move to Turn Off After  and press [ ] on the product.  
The following screen will appear. 
6Press [ ] to configure Turn Off After .
7The selected option will be applied.
 
 The off timer can be set within a range of 1 to 23 hours. The product will automatically power off 
after the specified number of hours.
 This option is only available when Off Timer is set to On.
 For products for the market in some regions, the Off Timer  is set to automatically activate 4 hours 
after the product powers on. This is done in accordance with power supply regulations. If you do not want the timer to activate, go to MENU   System  and set Off Timer Plus  to Off .
 On
4 h 
 Set the monitor to
automatically turn offafter a certain timeperiod.Off Timer
Turn Off AfterOff Timer
4h
ª87Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.3.2 Configuring Eco Timer
Eco Timer
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Off Timer Plus and press [ ] on the product. 
4Press [ ] to move to Eco Timer  and press [ ] on the product. 
5Press [ ] to move to Eco Timer  and press [ ] on the product. 
The following screen will appear.
Off: Deactivate the eco timer to disable the automatic power off feature. The product will not
power off while in power-saving mode if this feature is deactivated.
On: Activate the eco timer so that the product powers off automatically when it has been in
power-saving mode for a specified period of time.
6Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ]. 
7The selected option will be applied. 
 Enable or disable
the Eco Timer.
Off Timer
Eco TimerOff Timer Plus
 
 Enable or disable
the Eco Timer.Eco Timer
Eco Timer
Eco Off AfterOff88Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and ResetEco Off After
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Off Timer Plus and press [ ] on the product. 
4Press [ ] to move to Eco Timer and press [ ] on the product. 
5Press [ ] to move to Eco Off After  and press [ ] on the product.  
The following screen will appear. 
6Press [ ] to configure Eco Off After .
7The selected option will be applied.
 
 The Eco timer can be set between 10 and 180 minutes. The product will automatically power off 
after the specified time has elapsed.
 This option is only available when Eco Timer  is set to On .
  
 Enable or disable
the Eco Timer.Eco Timer 
 
10 mEco Timer
Eco Off After89Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.4 USB Super Charging
Charge the battery of a connected source device quickly using the USB 3.0 port on the product.
 
 Super charging is available via [ ] and [ ]  ports. Use these ports to charge devices 
faster than using a normal USB port.  The charging speed may vary, depending on the connected 
device.
 Quick battery charging may not be supported and/or charging may take more time on some 
mobile devices.
 When super charging is turned off for  [ ] and [ ] ports, use these ports for regular 
speed charging and data transfer.
 If a USB 2.0 or lower device is connected to the []  o r  []  port and super charging is 
turned on, data transfer is impossible, but it is possible if a USB 3.0 device is connected.
※ These ports may not be compatible with new USB devices that may be released in the future.
 If a device, such as a mouse, keyboard or memory storage device, is connected to the [ ] or 
[ ] port and the device is USB 2.0 or lower, turn off super charging.
 If super charging is turned on using the OSD settings menu, all devices connected to USB ports 1 through 4 on the monitor are re-recognized. This ensures optimum charging.
※ Before turning on super charging, close all files on storage devices connected to USB ports .
 
6.4.1 Configuring USB Super Charging
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to USB Super Charging  and press [ ] on the product.
4Press [ ] to move to USB1  or USB2  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.1 2
1 2
1 2
1
290Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and ResetOff: Disable USB Super Charging .
On: Enable the function to quickly charge a source device connected to the USB 3.0 port.
5Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
6The selected option will be applied.Off
Off
1.2
Auto 
 Set the USB Super 
charging mode.
FreeSync
Smart Eco SavingOff Timer PlusUSB Super ChargingPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionSystem
Set the USB Port1 
charging On/Off.USB Super Charging
Off
OnUSB1USB2
  Set the USB Port2 
charging On/Off.USB Super Charging
Off
OnUSB1USB2
  91Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.5 PC/AV Mode
Set PC/AV Mode to AV. The picture size will be enlarged. This option is useful when you view a movie.
 
 Supplied for the wide models only such as 16:9 or 16:10.
 If the monitor (when set to HDMI, DisplayPort, Mini DP (U24E850R ) or HDMI 1, HDMI 2, 
DisplayPort , Mini DP (U28E850R / U32E850R )) is in power saving mode or is displaying the 
message
Check Signal Cable, press the [ ] button to display the On Screen Display(OSD). You can select PC or AV.
 
6.5.1 Configuring PC/AV Mode
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to PC/AV Mode and press [ ] on the product.
4Press [ ] to move to HDMI , DisplayPort , Mini DP (U24E850R ) or HDMI 1 , HDMI 2 , 
DisplayPort , Mini DP (U28E850R / U32E850R) and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
U24E850ROff
Off
1.2
Auto 
 Set to AV to enlarge 
the picture.
FreeSync
Smart Eco SavingOff Timer PlusUSB Super ChargingPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionSystem
 
 Select the PC/AV mode
for the DisplayPort source.
DisplayPort
MiniDPHDMI PC/AV Mode
PC
AV 
 Select the PC/AV mode
for the MiniDP source.
DisplayPort
MiniDPHDMI PC/AV Mode
PC
AV
 
 Select the PC/AV mode
for the HDMI source.
DisplayPort
MiniDPHDMI PC/AV Mode
PC
AVPC92Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset5Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ]. 
6The selected option will be applied.U28E850R / U32E850R
 
 Select the PC/AV mode
for the DisplayPort source.
DisplayPort
MiniDPHDMI 1HDMI 2PC/AV Mode
PC
AV 
 Select the PC/AV mode
for the MiniDP source.
DisplayPort
MiniDPHDMI 1HDMI 2PC/AV Mode
PC
AV
 
 Select the PC/AV mode
for the HDMI1 source.
DisplayPort
MiniDPHDMI 1HDMI 2PC/AV Mode
PC
AVPC  
 Select the PC/AV mode
for the HDMI2 source.
DisplayPort
MiniDPHDMI 1HDMI 2PC/AV Mode
PC
AVPCPC93Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.6 DisplayPort Ver.
Select your Displayport. Displayport 1.1 supports High Bit Rate 1, wh ile 1.2 supports High Bit Rate 2.
 
 Incorrect settings may cause the screen to go blan k. If this occurs, check the device specifications.
 If the monitor (when set to HDMI, DisplayPort, Mini DP (U24E850R ) or HDMI 1, HDMI 2, 
DisplayPort , Mini DP (U28E850R / U32E850R )) is in power saving mode or is displaying the 
message Check Signal Cable , press the [ ] button to display the On Screen Display (OSD). 
You can select 1.1 or 1.2.
 If you select 1.1, the maximum resolution of your screen drops to 2560 x 1440 due to the 
limitations in HBR1  transmission speeds.
 
6.6.1 Configuring DisplayPort Ver.
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen.
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to DisplayPort Ver.  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
1.1 / 1.2
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.Off
Off
Auto 
 Select your
Displayport.Displayport 1.1supports HBR 1,while 1.2 supportsHBR 2.FreeSync
Smart Eco SavingOff Timer PlusUSB Super ChargingPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionSystem
1.1
1.294Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.7 Source Detection
You can activate Source Detection .
 
Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
6.7.1 Configuring Source Detection
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Source Detection  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
Auto : The input source is automatically recognized.
Manual : Manually select an input source.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied.Off
Off
1.2
Auto 
 Decide how input
sources will bedetected.
FreeSync
Smart Eco SavingOff Timer PlusUSB Super ChargingPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionSystem
Auto
Manual95Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.8 Key Repeat Time
Control the response rate of a button when the button is pressed. 
6.8.1 Configuring Key Repeat Time
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Key Repeat Time  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
Acceleration , 1 sec , or 2 sec  can be selected. If No Repeat is selected, a command responds 
only once when a button is pressed.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Configure the
response rate of abutton when the buttonis pressed.Key Repeat Time
Reset AllSystem
Acceleration
1 sec2 secNo Repeat96Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.9 Reset All 
Return all the settings for the product to the default factory settings.
6.9.1 Initializing Sett ings (Reset All)
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to System  and press [ ] on the product.
3Press [ ] to move to Reset All  and press [ ] on the product.
The following screen will appear.
4Press [ ] to move to the option you want and press [ ].
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Return all the settings
for the product to thedefault factory settings.
Key Repeat Time
Reset AllAccelerationSystem
  $OOWKHPHQXVHWWLQJVZLOOEHUHVHW
WRGHIDXOW
$UH\RXVXUH\RXZDQWWRUHVHW"
<HV 1R977 Information Menu and Others7 Information Menu and Others
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
7.1 Information
View the current input source, frequency and resolution.
7.1.1 Displaying Information
1Press any button on the front of the product to display the Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ] to 
display the corresponding menu screen. 
2Press [ ] to move to Information . The current input source, frequency and resolution will 
appear.
The following screen will appear.
U24E850R U28E850R / U32E850R
PBP
PIP 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
HDMI
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
HDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz
 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
HDMI
**** x ****
**kHz **HzDisplayPort
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
HDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzHDMI 2
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz
 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
HDMI
**** x ****
**kHz **HzDisplayPort
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
HDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzHDMI 2
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz98Information Menu and Others7
7 Information Menu and Others7.2 Configuring Brightness, Contrast and Volume from the 
Initial Screen
Adjust the Brightness , Contrast , Volume  using the [ ] buttons when the initial screen (that displays no 
menu screen) is displayed.
 
Brightness
 This menu is not available when Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Smart Eco Saving  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 
 
Contrast
 This option is not available when Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On  and the Size is set to  
(PBP Mode).
 
1Press any button on the front of the product (when no menu screen is displayed) to display the 
Function Key Guide. Next, press [ ]. The following screen will appear.
2Press the [ ] button to alternate between the Brightness , Contrast  and Volumesettings.
3Adjust the Brightness , Contrast , Volume  using the [ ] buttons.
 
The default brightness can vary depending on the region.
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
Brightness
ContrastVolume
100998 Installing the Software8 Installing the Software
8.1 Easy Setting Box
"Easy Setting Box" enables user s to use the monitor by part itioning multiple sections.
8.1.1 Installing the Software
1Insert the installation CD into the CD-ROM drive.
2Select the "Easy Setting  Box" setup program.
 
If the pop-up screen for the software installati on does not appear on the main screen, find and 
double-click the "Easy Setting Box" setup file on the CD-ROM.
 
3When the Installation Wizard appears, click Next .
4Follow the instructions given on the screen to proceed with installation.
 
 The software may not work properly if you do not restart the computer after the installation.
 The "Easy Setting Box" icon may not appear depending on the computer system and the 
product specifications.
 If the shortcut icon does not appear, press the F5 key.
 
Restrictions and Problems with th e Installation ("Easy Setting Box")
The "Easy Setting Box" installation may be affected by the Graphics Card, Motherboard and the 
Networking Environment.
System Requirements
OS
Windows XP 32Bit/64Bit
Windows Vista 32Bit/64Bit
Windows 7 32Bit/64Bit
Windows 8 32Bit/64Bit
Hardware
At least 32MB of memory
At least 60MB of free space on the hard disk driveEasy Setting Box
100Installing the Software8
8 Installing the Software8.1.2 Removing the Software
Click Start, select Settings /Control Panel, and then double-click Add or Remove Programs .
Select "Easy Setting Box" from  the program list and click the Add/Delete  button.1019 Troubleshooting Guide9 Troubleshooting Guide
9.1 Requirements Before Contacting Samsung Customer 
Service Center
9.1.1 Testing the Product
 
Before calling Samsung Customer Service Center, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, 
contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 
Check if your product is operating normally by using the product test function.
If the screen is turned off and the power indicator blinks even though the product is properly connected 
to a PC, perform a self-diagnosis test.
1Power off both the PC and product.
2Disconnect the cables from the product.
3Power on the product.
4If the message Check Signal Cable  appears, the product is working normally.
 
If the screen remains blank, check the PC system, video controller and cable.
 
9.1.2 Checking the Resolution and Frequency
For a mode that exceeds the supported resolution (refer to "10.2 Standard Signal Mode Table"), the message Not Optimum Mode  will appear for a short time.
9.1.3 Check the following.
Installation issue (PC mode)
Issues Solutions
The screen keeps switching on and off. Check the cable connection between the product 
and PC, and ensure the connectors are locked. 
(Refer to "2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")102Troubleshooting Guide9
9 Troubleshooting GuideScreen issue
Issues Solutions
The power LED is off. Th e screen will not switch 
on.Check that the power cable is connected 
properly. 
(Refer to "2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
The message Check Signal Cable  appears. Check that the cable is properly connected to the 
product. (Refer to "2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
Check that the device connected to the product is 
powered on.
Not Optimum Mode  is displayed. This message appears when the signal from the 
graphics card exceeds the maximum resolution or frequency for the product.
Change the maximum resolution and frequency to 
suit the product performance, referring to 
Standard Signal Mode Table (page 108).
The images on the screen look distorted. Check the cable connection to the product. 
(Refer to "2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
The screen appears unstable and shaky. Check that the resolution and frequency for the 
PC are within the range of resolution and frequency compatible with the product. 
Next, if required, change the settings, referring to Standard Signal Mode Table (page 108) in this 
manual and the Information  menu on the 
product.There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too dark. Adjust Brightness (page 47) and 
Contrast (page 48).
Screen color is inconsistent. Change the Color  settings. 
(Refer to "3.5 Color")
The colors on the screen have a shadow and are 
distorted.Change the Color  settings. 
(Refer to "3.5 Color")
White does not really look white. Change the Color  settings. 
(Refer to "3.5 Color")
There is no image on the screen and the power 
LED blinks every 0.5 to 1 second.The product is operating in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the ke yboard or move the 
mouse to return to normal operating mode.103Troubleshooting Guide9
9 Troubleshooting GuideSound issue
Source device issue
 
The LED lights on the frame of the product may be seen depending on the user's viewing angle.  
The light is harmless to people and has no bearing on product features and performance. The product  
is safe to use.
 Issues Solutions
There is no sound. Check the connection of the audio device or 
adjust the volume.
Check the volume.
The volume is too lo w. Adjust the volume.
If the volume is still low af ter turning it up to the 
maximum level, adjust th e volume on your PC 
sound card or software program.
Issues Solutions
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is booting. If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is 
booting, have your PC serviced.104Troubleshooting Guide9
9 Troubleshooting Guide9.2 Q & A
Question Answer
How can I change the 
frequency?Set the frequency on your graphics card.
Windows XP: Go to Control Panel  
Appearance and Themes   Display   Settings   
Advanced   Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate  under 
Monitor settings .
Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel   Display   
Settings   Advanced  Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate 
under Monitor settings .
Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalization   
Display Settings   Advanced Settings  Monitor , and 
adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
Windows 7: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Display   
Screen Resolution   Advanced settings   Monitor , and 
adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
Windows 8: Go to Settings   Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Display   
Screen Resolution   Advanced settings   Monitor , and 
adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
Windows 10: Go to Settings   System   Display   
Advanced display settings   Display adapter properties   
Monitor , and adjust Screen refresh rate  under Monitor settings .105Troubleshooting Guide9
9 Troubleshooting Guide 
Refer to the user manual for your PC or graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.
 How can I change the 
resolution?Windows XP: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Themes   Display   Settings , and adjust 
the resolution.
Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel   Display   
Settings , and adjust the resolution.
Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   
Display Settings , and adjust the resolution.
Windows 7: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Display   
Adjust Resolution , and adjust the resolution.
Windows 8: Go to Settings  Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Display   
Adjust Resolution , and adjust the resolution.
Windows 10: Go to Settings  System   Display   
Advanced display settings , and adjust the resolution.
How do I set power-saving 
mode?Windows XP: Set powe r-saving mode in Control Panel   
Appearance and Themes   Display   Screen Saver 
Settings   Power options  or BIOS SETUP on the PC. 
Windows ME/2000: Set po wer-saving mode in 
Control Panel   Display   Screen Saver Settings   
Power options  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
Windows Vista: Set po wer-saving mode in Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   
Screen Saver Settings   Power options  or BIOS SETUP on 
the PC.
Windows 7: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   
Screen Saver Settings   Power options  or BIOS SETUP on 
the PC.
Windows 8: Set power-saving mode in Settings   
Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   
Personalize   Screen Saver Settings  Power options or 
BIOS SETUP on the PC.
Windows 10: Set power-saving mode in Settings   
Personalization   Lock screen   Screen timeout settings  
 Power & sleep or BIOS SETUP on the PC.Question Answer10610 Specifications10 Specifications
10.1 General
Model Name U24E850R U28E850R
Panel Size 59.8 cm 70.8 cm
Display area 521.28 mm (H) x 293.22 mm (V) 620.93 mm (H) x 341.28 mm (V)
Pixel Pitch 0.4525 mm (H) x 
0.13575 mm (V)0.16 mm (H) x 0.16 mm (V)
Power Supply AC 100 - 240 V ~ (+/- 10 %), 50/60 Hz ± 3 Hz
Refer to the label at the back of the product as the standard voltage can vary in different countries.
Dimensions 
(W x H x D) / 
WeightWithout Stand 561.0 x 336.1 x 59.3 mm 661.1 x 384.5 x 60.7 mm
With Stand MAX : 561.0 x 527.2 x 
260.6 mm / 6.69 kg
MIN : 561.0 x 397.2 x 
260.6 mm / 6.69 kgMAX : 661.1 x 551.5 x 260.6 mm / 7.43 kg
MIN : 661.1 x 421.5 x 
260.6 mm / 7.43 kg
VESA Mounting Interface 100 x 100 mm 
(For use with Specialty(Arm) Mounting hardware.)
Environmental considerationsOperating Temperature : 10 °C – 40 °C (50 °F – 104 °F)
Humidity : 10 % – 80 %, non-condensing
Storage Temperature : -20 °C – 45 °C (-4 °F – 113 °F)
Humidity : 5 % – 95 %, non-condensing107Specifications10
10 Specifications 
Plug-and-Play
This monitor can be installed and used with any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. 
Two-way data exchange between the monitor and PC system optimizes the monitor settings. 
Monitor installation takes place automatically. Ho wever, you can customize the installation settings 
if desired.
 
 
Panel Dots (Pixels)
Due to the nature of the manufa cturing of this product, approx imately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) 
may be brighter or darker on the LCD panel. This does not affect product performance.
 
 
The above specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 
 
This device is a Class B digital apparatus.
 Model Name U32E850R
Panel Size 79.9 cm
Display area 696.96 mm (H) x 392.04 mm (V)
Pixel Pitch 0.1815 mm (H) x 0.0605 mm (V)
Power Supply AC 100 - 240 V ~ (+/- 10 %), 50/60 Hz ± 3 Hz
Refer to the label at the back of the product as the standard 
voltage can vary in different countries.
Dimensions (W x H x D) / WeightWithout Stand 740.3 x 439.8 x 67.7 mm
With Stand MAX : 740.3 x 623.5 x 278.6 mm / 9.61 kg
MIN : 740.3 x 493.5 x 278.6 mm / 9.61 kg
VESA Mounting Interface 100 x 100 mm 
(For use with Specialty(Arm) Mounting hardware.)
Environmental 
considerationsOperating Temperature : 10 °C – 40 °C (50 °F – 104 °F)
Humidity : 10 % – 80 %, non-condensing
Storage Temperature : -20 °C – 45 °C (-4 °F – 113 °F)
Humidity : 5 % – 95 %, non-condensing108Specifications10
10 Specifications10.2 Standard Signal Mode Table
 
 This product can be set to only one resolution for each screen size to obtain the optimum picture 
quality due to the nature of the panel. Therefore,  a resolution other than the specified resolution 
may degrade the picture quality. To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum 
resolution specified for the screen size of your product.
 Check the frequency when you exchange a CDT monitor (connected to a PC) for an LCD monitor. If the LCD monitor does not support 85Hz, change the vertical frequency to 60Hz using the CDT monitor before you exchange it with the LCD monitor.
 
If a signal that belongs to the following standard sign al modes is transmitted from  your PC, the screen will 
automatically be adjusted. If the signal transmitted from the PC does not belong to the standard signal 
modes, the screen may be blank even though the power LED turns on. In such a case, change the 
settings according to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manual.Model Name U24E850R
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30 – 135 kHz (DisplayPort / MINI DP / HDMI)
Vertical Frequency 56 – 75 Hz (DisplayPort / MINI DP)
24 – 75 Hz (HDMI)
Resolution Optimum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz 
(DisplayPort / MINI DP / HDMI)
Maximum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz 
(DisplayPort / MINI DP / HDMI)
Model Name U28E850R / U32E850R
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30 – 135 kHz (DisplayPort / MINI DP)
30 – 90 kHz (HDMI1)
30 – 135 kHz (HDMI2)
Vertical Frequency 56 – 75 Hz (DisplayPort / MINI DP)
24 – 75 Hz (HDMI1 / HDMI2)
Resolution Optimum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort / MINI DP)
3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)
3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)
Maximum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort / MINI DP)
3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)109Specifications10
10 SpecificationsU24E850R (Displayport / MINI DP / HDMI)
ResolutionHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440RB 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160RB 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-110Specifications10
10 SpecificationsU28E850R / U32E850R  (HDMI1)
ResolutionHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440RB 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160 67.500 30.000 297.000 +/+111Specifications10
10 SpecificationsU28E850R / U32E850R  (HDMI2 / Displayport / MINI DP)
 
 Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a 
horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. 
Horizontal frequency is measured in kHz.ResolutionHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440RB 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160RB 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-112Specifications10
10 Specifications Vertical Frequency
Repeating the same picture dozens of times per second allows you to view natural pictures. The 
repeat frequency is called "vertical frequency"  or "refresh rate" and is indicated in Hz.
 Some resolutions listed in the table above ma y not be available depending on graphics card 
specifications.
 113 Appendix Appendix
Responsibility for the Pay Se rvice (Cost to Customers)
 
When the service is requested, in spite of in warra nty, we may charge you for a visit from a service 
technician in the following cases.
 
Not a product defect
Cleaning of the product, Adjustment, Explanation, Re-installation and etc.
If a service technician gives instructions on how to use product or simply adjusts options without 
disassembling product.
If a defect is caused by external environmental factors. (Internet, Antenna, Wired Signal, etc.)
If a product is reinstalled or de vices are connected additionally af ter installing the purchased product 
for the first time.
If a product is reinstalled to move to a different spot or to move to a different house.
If customer requests instructions on how to use because of another company's product.
If customer requests instructions on how to use the network or another company's program.
If customer requests software installation and setup for the product.
If a service technician removes/cleans dusts or foreign materials inside of the product.
If customer requests an installation additionally after purchasing a product through home-shopping 
or online.
A Product damage caused by customer's fault
Product damage caused by customer's mishandling or wrong repair 
If a product damage is caused by;
external impact or drop.
use of supplies or separately sold product unspecified by Samsung.
repair from a person besides an engineer of outsourcing service company or partner of Samsung 
Electronics Co., Ltd.
remodeling or repairing the product by customer.
using it with incorrect voltage or non-authorised electrical connections.
not following the "cautions" in User Manual.
Others
If product fails by natural disaster. (lightning, fire, earthquake, flood damage, etc)
If consumable components are all used up. (Battery, Toner, Fluorescent lights, Head, Vibrator, 
Lamp, Filter, Ribbon, etc.)
 
If customer requests a service in case the product has no defect, service fee may be charged. So 
please read User Manual first.
 114Appendix
 AppendixCorrect Disposal
Correct Disposal of This Product (Waste Electri cal & Electronic Equipment)
(Applicable in  countries with  separate collection systems)
This marking on the product, accessories or literature indicates that the product and its 
electronic accessories (e.g. charger, headset, USB cable) should not be disposed of 
with other household waste at the end of their working life. To prevent possible harm to the environment or human health from uncontrolled waste disposal, please separate 
these items from other types of waste and recycle them responsibly to promote the 
sustainable reuse of material resources.
Household users should contact either the retailer where they purchased this product, 
or their local government office, for details of where and how they can take these items 
for environmentally safe recycling. 
Business users should contact their supplier and check the terms and conditions of the 
purchase contract. This product and its electronic accessories should not be mixed with other commercial wastes for disposal.
(For India Only)
This product is RoHS compliant.
For more information on safe disposal and recycling visit ourwebsite www.samsung.com/in or contact our Helpline numbers -18002668282, 180030008282.115Appendix
 AppendixTerminology
OSD (On Screen Display)
On screen display (OSD) allows you to customize on-screen settings to optimize the picture quality as 
required. You can change the screen brightness, tint, size and many other settings using menus 
displayed on the screen.
Gamma
The Gamma menu adjusts the grey scale that represents middle tones on the screen. Adjusting the brightness brightens the whole screen, but adjusting Gamma only brightens the medium brightness.
Grey scale
Scale refers to levels of color intensity that show variations of color change from darker areas to brighter areas on the screen. Changes to the screen brightness are expressed with black and white 
variation, and grey scale refers to the medium area between black and white. Changing the grey scale through Gamma adjust ment will change the medium brightness on the screen.
Scanning rate
Scanning rate, or refresh rate, refers to the frequency of screen refreshes. Screen data is transmitted as it refreshes to display an image, although the refreshing is invisible to the naked eye. The number of screen refreshes is called scanning rate and is measured in Hz. A scanning rate of 60Hz means that 
the screen refreshes 60 times per second. The screen scanning rate depends on the performance of 
the graphics cards in your PC and monitor. 
Horizontal Frequency
Characters or images displayed on the monitor screen consist of numerous dots (pixels). Pixels are transmitted in horizontal lines, which are then arranged vertically to create an image. The horizontal frequency is measured in kHz and represents how many times horizontal lines per second are 
transmitted and displayed on the monitor screen. A horizontal frequency of 85 means that the 
horizontal lines that make up an image are transmitted 85000 times per second. The horizontal frequency is indicated in 85kHz.
Vertical Frequency
One image is made of numerous horizontal lines. The vertical frequency is measured in Hz and represents how many images can be created per second by those horizontal lines. A vertical 
frequency of 60 means that an image is transmitted 60 times per second. The vertical frequency is 
also called "refresh rate" and affects screen flicker.116Appendix
 AppendixResolution
Resolution is the number of horizontal pixels and vertical pixels that form a screen. It represents the 
level of display detail. 
A higher resolution displays a greater amount of information on the screen and is suitable for 
performing multiple tasks at the same time.
E.g. A resolution of 1920 x 1080 consists of 1920 horizontal pixels (horizontal resolution) and 1080 
vertical lines (vertical resolution).
E.g. A resolution of 1920 x 1200 consists of 1920 horizontal pixels (horizontal resolution) and 1200 
vertical lines (vertical resolution).
Plug & Play
The Plug & Play feature allows the automatic exchange of information between a monitor and PC to produce an optimum display environment. 
The monitor uses VESA DDC (international standard) to execute Plug & Play.Index 117Index
B
Before Connecting  35
Brightness  47
C
Checking the Contents  18
Connecting and Using a PC  35
Contrast  48
Copyright  7
Correct Disposal  114
Correct posture to use the product  17
D
Display Time  80
DisplayPort Ver.  93
E
Easy Setting Box  99
Eye Saver Mode  55
F
FreeSync  81
G
Game Mode  56
General  106
H
HDMI Black Level  54
I
INFORMATION  97
Installation  27K
Key Repeat Time  95
L
Language  79
O
Off Timer  85
P
Parts  19
PC/AV Mode  91
Picture Size  59
Q
Q & A  104
R
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung 
Customer Service Center  101
Reset All  96
Response Time  58
Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to 
Customers)  113
Rotating the monitor  34
S
Safety Precautions  10
SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle  52
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright  44
Sharpness  49
Smart Eco Saving  84
Source Detection  94
Standard Signal Mode Table  108Index
Index 118T
Terminology  115
Transparency  78
U
USB Super Charging  89
Utilizing the Product as a USB HUB  40User Manual
The colour and the appearance may differ depending on the product, and the specifications are subject to change without 
prior notice to improve the performance.
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
© Samsung ElectronicsSamsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.Use or reproduction of this manual in parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is prohibited.Trademarks other than that of Samsung Electronics are owned by their respective owners.
An administration fee may be charged in the following situations:
(a) An engineer is called out at your request, but it is found that the product has no defect (i.e., where the user manual 
has not been read).
(b) You bring the unit to a repair centre, but it is found that the product has no defect (i.e., where the user manual has not 
been read).
You will be informed of the administration fee amount before a technician visits. 
U28R55*Table of contents
Before Using the Product
Securing the Installation Space  4
Safety Precautions  4
Cleaning  5
Electricity and Safety  5
Installation  6
Operation  7
Preparations
Parts  9
Control Panel  9
Function Key Guide  10
Direct Key Guide  11
Configuring E ye Saver  Mode , Brightness  and  
Contrast  from Direct Key Guide  12
Changing the Volume  setting  12
Types of Ports  13
Upgrading the Software via USB  13
Adjusting the Product Tilt  15
Anti-theft Lock  15
Precautions for moving the product  16
Wall Mount Kit Specifications (VESA)  16
Installation  17
Attaching the Stand  17
Removing the Stand  18
2Game  Mode  24
Response  Time  24
Screen  Ratio  25
Screen  Adjustment  25
Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings
PIP/PBP  Mode  26
Screen  Size  27
Position  27
Sound S ource  27
Source  27
Screen  Ratio  28
Contrast  29
Adjusting OSD (On Screen 
Display) settings
Transparency  30
Position  30
H-Position  30
V-Position  30
Language  30Connecting and Using a Source Device
Read below before installing the product.  19
Connecting and Using a PC  19
Connection Using the HDMI Cable  19
Connection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable  20
Connection Using an DP Cable  20
Connecting to headphones or earphones  20
Connecting the Power  20
Correct posture to use the product  21
Driver Installation  21
Setting Optimum Resolution  21
List of graphic cards supporting HDR10  21
Screen Setup
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright  22
Brightness  23
Contrast  23
Sharpness  23
Color  23
SAMSUNG MAGIC Upscale  24
HDMI  Black L evel  24
Eye Saver  Mode  24Table of contents
3Specifications
General  41
Standard Signal Mode Table  42
Appendix
Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to 
Customers)  45
Not a product defect  45
A Product damage caused by customer's fault  45
Others  45Installing the Software
Easy Setting Box  37
Restrictions and Problems with the Installation  37
Upgrade by downloading the firmware from the 
website  37
System Requirements  37
Troubleshooting Guide
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung  
Customer Service Centre  38
Product diagnosis (Screen issue)  38
Checking the Resolution and Frequency  38
Check the following.  38
Q & A  40Display  Time  30
Setup and Reset
Self Diagnosis  31
Display Port Ver. 32
HDMI  Mode  32
FreeSync 33
Eco Saving Plus  34
Off Timer  Plus  34
PC/AV Mode  35
Source D etection  35
Key Repeat Time  35
Power  LED On  35
Reset  All 35
Information
Information  364Securing the Installation Space
Make sure to have enough space for ventilation when placing the product. An internal temperature rise 
may cause fire and damage the product. Maintain enough space around the product as shown in the diagram when installing the product.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
10 cm10 cm
10 cm 10 cm
10 cmSafety Precautions
Warning A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
CautionPersonal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are not followed.
CAUTION
RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK. DO NOT OPEN.
CAUTION: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER (OR BACK). THERE ARE NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER ALL SERVICING TO QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
This symbol indicates that high 
voltage is present inside. It is dangerous to make any kind of contact with any internal part of this product. AC voltage: Rated voltage marked 
with this symbol is AC voltage.
This symbol indicates that this 
product has included important literature concerning operation and maintenance.DC voltage: Rated voltage marked with this symbol is DC voltage.
Class II product: This symbol indicates that a safety connection to electrical earth (ground) is not required. If this symbol is not present on a product with a mains lead, the product MUST have a reliable connection to protective earth (ground).
Caution. Consult instructions for use: 
This symbol instructs the user to consult the user manual for further safety related information.Before Using the ProductChapter  015
Cleaning
High-glossy models can develop white stains on the surface if an ultrasonic wave humidifier is used 
nearby.
 ―Contact your nearest Samsung Customer Service Centre if you want to clean the inside of the product 
(Service fee will be charged.)
Do not press the product screen with hands or other objects. There is a risk of damaging the screen.
 ―Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched.
 ―Take the following steps when cleaning.
1 Power off the product and PC.
2 Disconnect the power cord from the product.
 ―Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet hands. Otherwise, an electric 
shock may result.
3 Wipe the product with a clean, soft and dry cloth.
 ‒Do not apply a cleaning agent that contains alcohol, solvent, or surfactant to the product.
 ‒Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4 Wet a soft cloth in water, wing it out well, and then use the cloth to wipe the exterior of the product 
clean.
5 Connect the power cord to the product when cleaning is finished.
6 Power on the product and PC.Electricity and Safety
Warning
 •Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
 •Do not use multiple products with a single power socket.
 •Do not touch the power plug with wet hands.
 •Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
 •Connect the power plug to a grounded power socket (type 1 insulated devices only).
 •Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Be careful not to leave the power cord under a heavy 
object.
 •Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources.
 •Clean any dust around the pins of the power plug or the power socket with a dry cloth.
Caution
 •Do not disconnect the power cord while the product is being used.
 •Only use the power cord provided with your product by Samsung. Do not use the power cord with other products.
 •Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed.
 ‒The power cord must be disconnected to cut off power to the product when an issue occurs.
 •Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket.6
Warning
 •DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT REPELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP OF THE PRODUCT. DO NOT 
INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
 •Keep the plastic packaging out of the reach of children.
 ‒Children may suffocate.
 •Do not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, sloped surface, etc.)
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 ‒Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the product or cause a fire.
 •Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water drips, etc.), oil, or smoke.
 •Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a stove.
 ‒The product lifespan may be reduced or a fire may result.
 •Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
 ‒The product may fall and injure children.
 •Edible oil (such as soybean oil) may damage or distort the product. Keep the product away from oil pollution. And do not install or use the product in the kitchen or near the kitchen stove.Caution
 •Do not drop the product while moving.
 •Do not set down the product on its front.
 •When installing the product on a cabinet or shelf, make sure that the bottom edge of the front of the product is not protruding.
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 ‒Install the product only on cabinets or shelves of the right size.
 •Set down the product gently.
 ‒Product failure or personal injury may result.
 •Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine dust, chemical substances, extreme temperatures or a significant presence of moisture, or a place where the product will operate continuously for an extended period of time) may seriously affect its performance.
 ‒Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Centre if you want to install the product at such a place.Installation7
Warning
 •There is a high voltage inside the product. Never disassemble, repair or modify the product 
yourself.
 ‒Contact Samsung Customer Service Centre for repairs.
 •To move the product, first disconnect all the cables from it, including the power cable.
 •If the product generates abnormal sounds, a burning smell or smoke, disconnect the power cord immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 •Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
 ‒Children may become injured or seriously harmed.
 •If the product is dropped or the outer case is damaged, turn off the power and disconnect the power cord. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 ‒Continued use can result in a fire or electric shock.
 •Do not leave heavy objects or items that children like (toys, sweets, etc.) on top of the product.
 ‒The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toys or sweets resulting in a serious injury.
 •During a lightning or thunderstorm, power off the product and remove the power cable.
 •Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
 •Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 •If a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, ventilate the area immediately.
 •Do not lift or move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 •Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near the product.
 •Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
 ‒An increased internal temperature may cause a fire. •Do not insert metallic objects (chopsticks, coins, hairpins, etc) or objects that burn easily (paper, matches, etc) into the product (via the vent or input/output ports, etc).
 ‒Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 •Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic objects on top of the product.
 ‒Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.Operation8
Caution
 •Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time may cause 
afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
 ‒Set the screen to power-saving mode or moving-picture screen saver when not using the product for an extended period of time.
 •Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the product for an extended period of time (vacation, etc).
 ‒Dust accumulation combined with heat can cause a fire, electric shock or electric leakage.
 •Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
 ‒Your eyesight may deteriorate.
 •Do not put AC/DC adapters together.
 •Remove the plastic bag from the AC/DC adapter before you use it.
 •Do not let water enter the AC/DC adapter device or get the device wet.
 ‒An electric shock or fire may result.
 ‒Avoid using the product outdoors where it can be exposed to rain or snow.
 ‒Be careful not to get the AC/DC adapter wet when you wash the floor.
 •Do not put the AC/DC adapter near to any heating apparatus.
 ‒Otherwise, a fire may result.
 •Keep the AC/DC adapter in a well-ventilated area.
 •If you place the AC/DC power adapter hanging with the cord input facing upwards, water or other foreign substances could enter the Adapter and cause the Adapter to malfunction.
Make sure to rest the AC/DC power adapter flat on a table or the floor. •Do not hold the product upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged or cause an injury.
 •Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can deteriorate your eyesight.
 •Do not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
 •Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes or look at distance objects for every 1 hour of product use.
 •Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an extended period of time as it 
will become hot.
 •Store small accessories out of the reach of children.
 •Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle or stand height.
 ‒Your hand or finger may get stuck and injured.
 ‒Tilting the product at an excessive angle may cause the product to fall and an injury may result.
 •Do not place heavy objects on the product.
 ‒Product failure or personal injury may result.9PreparationsChapter  02
Parts
Control Panel
 ―The colour and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
Function Key GuideUP(REAR)PRESS(ENTER)LEFT
Power LEDJOG Button
DOWN(FRONT)
RIGHT
ReturnParts Description
JOG ButtonMulti directional button that helps navigate.
 ―Press the power button  on the JOG button to activate the up/down/
left/right movements and Enter key function.
Power LEDThis LED is power status indicator and works as
 •Power On (Power button): Power LED Off
 •Power saving mode: Power LED Blinking
 •Power Off (Power button): Power LED On
 ―The Power LED operation can be swapped by changing in the menu. 
(System  → Power LED On ) Function Key Guide may vary depending on 
the function or product model. Please refer to the actual product.
 ―Press the power button  on the JOG button to turn it on or off.
Function Key GuidePress the JOG button when the screen is turned on. The Function Key 
Guide will appear. To access the onscreen menu when the guide is displayed, press the corresponding direction button again.
 ―Function Key Guide may vary depending on the function or product 
model. Please refer to the actual product. 10
Function Key Guide
 ―To use the Function Key Guide, press the JOG button. Then the following window appears.
ReturnUP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT: Move to the item you want. The description for each item will appear when the focus changes.
PRESS(ENTER): The selected item will be applied.
Parts Description
SourceSelects  to change the input source by moving the JOG button in the Function Key Guide screen. A message will appear on the top left corner of the screen if the input source has 
been changed.
MenuSelects  by moving the JOG button in the Function Key Guide screen.
This product shows the menu as an on-screen display.On screen display menu lock: Lock the on screen display menu to maintain the current settings or prevent other users from changing settings.To enable or disable the on screen display menu lock, display the “Menu” screen, move the JOG button to the right to go to the next stage, and then press and hold the button to the 
left for 10 seconds until the Function Key Guide disappears.
 ―If the on screen display menu lock is enabled, Brightness  and Contrast can be adjusted.
Eye Saver Mode  is available. Information  can be viewed.
PIP/PBPSelects  by moving the JOG button in the Function Key Guide screen.
And then press the JOG button when configuring settings for the PIP/PBP  function is required.
Power Off Selects  to turn the product off by moving the JOG button in the Function Key Guide screen.
Return Exit the Function Key guide menu by using the JOG button to select the  icon when the Function Key Guide screen is displayed.
 ―Actual models because of functional variation, Function Key Guide options will be different.11
When the product displays nothing (i.e. Power saving mode or Non-signal mode), 3 direct keys for 
control source and power could be used as below.
JOG Button Power saving/Non-signal mode
UP Source Change
Down
PRESS(ENTER) for 2 seconds Power Off
When the product displays the menu, the JOG Button could be used as below.
JOG Button Action
UP/DOWN Move the option
LEFTExit the menu (Function Key Guide).
Close Sublist without saving value.Value decreases in the slider.
RIGHTMove to sublist.Value increases in the slider.
PRESS(ENTER) Save the value and close Sublist.Direct Key Guide
 ―On the Direct Key Guide screen, the following menu options appear when the product screen is switched 
on or the input source is changed.
Eye Saver Mode
Volume
Features
Eye Saver Mode  Off
 •UP/DOWN: Adjust Brightness , Contrast, Eye Saver Mode .
 •LEFT/RIGHT: Adjust Volume.
 •PRESS(ENTER): Display Function Key Guide.12
Configuring E ye Saver  Mode , Brightness  and Contrast 
from Direct Key Guide
Adjust the Brightness, Contrast and Eye Saver Mode  by moving the JOG button.
Eye Saver Mode
BrightnessContrast
Off
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 ―The default brightness can vary depending on the region.
Brightness
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
Contrast
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Screen Size  is set to  (PBP Mode).Changing the Volume  setting
You can adjust Volume by moving the JOG button left or right, if no OSD menu is displayed.
Volume 50
Mute
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 ―If the audio quality of a connected input device is poor, the Auto Mute function on the product may mute 
the sound or cause choppy audio when applying the headphones or speakers. Set the input volume for the 
input device to at least 20% and control the volume using the volume control (JOG button LEFT/RIGHT) on the product.
 ―What is Auto Mute?
The function mutes the audio to improve sound effect when there is sound noise or when the input signal is weak, usually due to a problem with the volume of an input device.
 ―To activate the Mute function, access the Volume  control screen, then use the JOG button to move the 
focus down. To deactivate the Mute function, access the Volume  control screen, then increase or decrease 
the Volume .13
Types of Ports
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The colour and shape of parts may 
differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality. Refer to 
the actual product.
HDMI IN 1 HDMI IN 2 DP IN SERVICE DC  19V
HDMI IN 1 HDMI IN 2 DP IN DC  19V SERVICE
Port Description
Connect to an audio output device such as headphones or earphones.
 ―The sound could only be heard when using the HDMI to HDMI cable or DP 
cable. 
 HDMI IN 1 HDMI IN 2 Connects to a source device using an HDMI cable or HDMI-DVI cable.
DP IN Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
SERVICE Use a USB memory stick to perform software upgrade.
DC 19V Connects to the AC/DC adapter.Upgrading the Software via USB
1 Connect a USB memory to the SERVICE port shown in the figure.
HDMI IN 1 HDMI IN 2 DP IN DC  19V SERVICE
When the screen is on, press the JOG button to display the Function Key Guide. When the Function 
Key Guide are displayed, press and hold the JOG button down for approximately 5 seconds.
Power Off
2 When the message as shown in the following figure is displayed on the product, select Yes to 
upgrade the software.
Yes NoDo you want to update via USB?14
3 When the screen as shown in the following figure is displayed, select Yes.
Update now
Update from version XXXX.X to version XXXX.X?
Yes No
4 The software upgrading proceeds.
Update now
Updating product Software…
Your product will turn itself off and on again automatically after completing update.
0%
5 Your product will turn itself off and on again automatically after completing update, and then 
turn off your product.
6 Remove the power cord from the power outlet and then reconnect the cord after turning off.Note
1 To perform software upgrade by using a USB memory, first format the USB memory to FAT32 .
2 When performing upgrade, make sure that only one BIN file ( .bin) is saved in the root directory.
3 To upgrade the software for the UR55 model, make sure the upgrade files are .bin formats. The file 
name should follow the naming conventions for the UR55 model (e.g. M-R55**UGDA-****.* [four-
digit number] .bin). The ** is the screen size in inches, the ****.* is the version number, and the 
four-digit number is the checksum. For example, “ M-R5528UGDA-0804.0[1899].bin ” conforms to 
the naming conventions for the UR55 28"  model and should be copied to the root directory.
4 If the No valid update files found.  Please check your USB device and try again.  message is 
displayed, this is probably due to the following reasons.
Update now
No valid update files found.
Please check your USB device and try again.
OK Cancel
 ‒A USB memory is not connected to the SERVICE port.
 ‒The files in the connected USB memory are not compatible formats.
 ‒There are no valid upgrade files found in the connected USB memory. (There are no upgrade files 
saved in the memory or the file names are incorrect.)
5 Do not turn off the product. And prevent the upgrading from any interruption as far as possible. In 
general, the product returns to the previous version if an upgrade is interrupted.15
Adjusting the Product Tilt 
 ―The colour and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
-2.0° (±2.0°) ~ 15.0° (±2.0°)
 •The product tilt can be adjusted.
 •Hold the lower part of the product and adjust the tilt carefully.Anti-theft Lock
 ―An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places.
 ―The locking device shape and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user guide 
provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
To lock an anti-theft locking device:
1 Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object such as a desk.
2 Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3 Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4 Lock the locking device.
 ‒An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
 ‒Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 ‒Anti-theft locking devices can be purchased at electronics retailers or online.16
Precautions for moving the product
 •Do not directly apply pressure on the screen.
 •Do not hold the screen when moving the 
product. •Do not hold the product upside down only by the stand.
 •Hold the lower corners or edges of the product when moving it.Wall Mount Kit Specifications (VESA)
 ―Install your wall mount on a solid wall perpendicular to the floor. Before attaching the wall mount to 
surfaces other than plaster board, please contact your nearest dealer for additional information. If you 
install the product on a slanted wall, it may fall and result in severe personal injury. Samsung wall mount kits contain a detailed installation manual and all parts necessary for assembly are provided.
 •Do not use screws that are longer than the standard length or do not comply with the VESA 
standard screw specifications. Screws that are too long may cause damage to the inside of the product.
 •For wall mounts that do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications, the length of the screws may differ depending on the wall mount specifications.
 •Do not fasten the screws too firmly. This may damage the product or cause the product to fall, leading to personal injury. Samsung is not liable for these kinds of accidents.
 •Samsung is not liable for product damage or personal injury when a non-VESA or non-specified wall mount is used or the consumer fails to follow the product installation instructions.
 •Do not mount the product at more than a 15 degree tilt.
 •Standard dimensions for wall mount kits are shown in the table below.
Unit: mm
Model name VESA screw hole specs (A * B) in 
millimetresStandard Screw Quantity
U28R55* 75.0  x 75.0 M4 4
 ―Do not install your Wall Mount Kit while your product is turned on. It may result in personal injury due to 
electric shock.17
Installation
Attaching the Stand
 ―Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen is 
facing downwards.
Caution
Do not hold the product upside down only by the 
stand.Caution
Do not press down on the product. There is a risk 
of damaging the product.
1 2 3 4
Insert the stand neck into the stand base in the 
direction shown in the figure.Check that the stand neck is firmly connected. Tightly fasten the connecting screw at the bottom of the stand base.Place the protective Styrofoam (cushion) included in the package on the floor and place the product facing down on the Styrofoam, as shown in the image. If Styrofoam is unavailable, use a thick sitting mat.
5 6
Hold the main body of the product with your 
hand as shown by the figure. Push the assembled stand into the main body in the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.Connect the power supply and the signal cable as shown in the figure.18
Removing the Stand
 ―Before removing the stand from the product, place the product on a flat and stable surface with the screen 
facing down.
Caution
Do not hold the product upside down only by the 
stand.Caution
Do not press down on the product. There is a risk 
of damaging the product.
1 2 3 4
Place the protective Styrofoam (cushion) 
included in the package on the floor and place the product facing down on the Styrofoam, as shown in the image. If Styrofoam is unavailable, use a thick sitting mat.To disassemble the stand from the monitor, be sure to press the lower part of the monitor with one hand, and shake the stand from side to side with the other hand to make some gap between them.Press the lower part of the monitor with one hand, and pull the stand with the other hand in the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.Remove the stand neck from the stand base by turning the screw in the arrow direction as shown in the figure.19Connecting and Using a Source DeviceChapter  03
Read below before installing the product.
1 Before installing the product, check the shapes of both ports of the supplied signal cables and the 
shapes and locations of the ports on the product and external device.
2 Before installing the product, make sure you remove the power cables from both the product and the external device to prevent damage to the product due to a short circuit or over current.
3 After all signal cables have been properly connected, connect the power cables back to the product and the external device.
4 After installation is completed, make sure you read the user guide to acquaint yourself with the product functions, precautions and other information required to use the product properly.Connecting and Using a PC
Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 ―Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
Connection Using the HDMI Cable
First make sure that the power cables for product and other devices (e.g. PC, settop box, etc.) 
are removed.
HDMI IN 1,  HDMI IN 2
 ―When connecting an HDMI cable, use the cable that came with the components of the product. If you use 
an HDMI cable other than provided by Samsung, the image quality may be degraded.20
Connection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable
First make sure that the power cables for product and other devices (e.g. PC, settop box, etc.) 
are removed.
HDMI IN 1, HD MI IN 2
 ―The audio function is not supported if the source device is connected using the HDMI-DVI cable.
 ―The optimum resolution may not be available with an HDMI-DVI cable.
Connection Using an DP Cable
First make sure that the power cables for product and other devices (e.g. PC, settop box, etc.) 
are removed.
DP IN
 ―A DP cable shorter under 1.5 m in length is recommended. Using a cable longer than 1.5 m can affect the 
picture quality.Connecting to headphones or earphones
 ―Use headphones or earphones when activating sound with an HDMI-HDMI or DP cable.
 ―The headphones or earphones jack supports only the 3 conductor tip-ring-sleeve (TRS) type.
Connecting the Power
1
2
3
HDMI IN 1 HDMI IN 2 DP IN SERVICE DC  19V
HDMI IN 1 HDMI IN 2 DP IN DC  19V SERVICE
1 Connect the power cable to the AC/DC adapter. Then, connect the AC/DC adapter to the DC 19V  
port on the back of the product.
2 Next, connect the power cable to the power outlet.
3 Press the JOG button at the bottom of the product to turn it on.
 ―The input voltage is switched automatically.21
Correct posture to use the product
Use the product in the correct posture as follows:
 •Straighten your back.
 •Allow a distance of 45 to 50cm between your eye and the screen, and look slightly downward at 
the screen.
 •Keep your eyes directly in front of the screen.
 •Adjust the angle so light does not reflect on the screen.
 •Keep your forearms perpendicular to your upper arms and level with the back of your hands.
 •Keep your elbows at about a right angle.
 •Adjust the height of the product so you can keep your knees bent at 90 degrees or more, your heels attached to the floor, and your arms lower than your heart.
 •Do the Eye excercises or blink frequently, then eye fatigue will be relieved.Driver Installation
 ―You can set the optimum resolution and frequency for this product by installing the corresponding drivers.
 ―To install the latest version of the product driver, download it from the Samsung Electronics website at 
http://www.samsung.com.
Setting Optimum Resolution
An information message about setting optimum resolution will appear if you power on the product for the first time after purchase.
Select a language on information message and change the resolution on your PC to the optimum 
setting.
 ―If the optimum resolution is not selected, the message will appear up to three times for a specified time 
even when the product is turned off and on again.
 ―If you want to set the optimum resolution for your computer. Please refer to ( Q&A ) → “ How can I change the 
resolution? ”
List of graphic cards supporting HDR10
HDR10 is accessible only on Windows 10 systems equipped with graphic cards that support Play Ready 3.0 Digital Rights Management (for protected HDR content). Use graphic cards listed below for HDR10.
 •NVIDIA GeForce 1000 series  or higher
 •AMD Radeon™ RX 400 series  or higher
 •Intel UHD Graphics 600 series  or higher
 ―Graphic cards that support hardware-accelerated 10-bit video decoding for HDR video codecs are 
recommended.22Screen Setup
Function Key Guide →  → Picture
Configure the screen settings such as brightness. A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  04
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The colour and shape of parts may 
differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
This menu provides an optimum picture quality suitable for the environment where the product will be 
used.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.In PC mode
 •Custom: Customise the contrast and brightness as required.
 •Standard : Obtain a picture quality suitable for editing documents or using Internet.
 •Cinema: Obtain the brightness and sharpness of monitors suitable for enjoying video and DVD content.
 •Dynamic Contrast : Obtain balanced brightness through automatic contrast adjustment.
In AV mode
When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV, SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  
has four automatic picture settings ( Dynamic , Standard , Movie and Custom) that are preset at the 
factory. You can activate either Dynamic , Standard , Movie or Custom. You can select Custom which 
automatically recalls your personalised picture settings.
 •Dynamic : Select this mode to view a sharper image than in Standard  mode.
 •Standard : Select this mode when the surroundings are bright.
 •Movie: Select this mode when the surroundings are dark. This will save power and reduce eye fatigue.
 •Custom: Select this mode when you want to adjust the image according to your preferences.23
Brightness
You can adjust the general brightness of the picture. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will make the picture appear brighter.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
Contrast
Adjust the contrast between the objects and background. (Range: 0~100)A higher value will increase the contrast to make the object appear clearer.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Screen Size  is set to  (PBP Mode).
Sharpness
Make the outline of objects more clear or blurry. (Range: 0~100)A higher value will make the outline of objects clearer.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.Color
Adjust the tint of the screen.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Red: Adjust the red saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the colour.
 •Green : Adjust the green saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the colour.
 •Blue : Adjust the blue saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the colour.
 •Color Tone : Select a colour tone that best suits your viewing needs.
 ‒Cool 2 : Set the colour temperature to be cooler than Cool 1 .
 ‒Cool 1 : Set the colour temperature to be cooler than Normal  mode.
 ‒Normal : Display the standard colour tone.
 ‒Warm 1 : Set the colour temperature to be warmer than Normal  mode.
 ‒Warm 2 : Set the colour temperature to be warmer than Warm 1 .
 ‒Custom: Customise the colour tone.
 ―When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV, Color Tone  has 
four colour temperature settings ( Cool, Normal , Warm and Custom ).
 •Gamma: Adjust the middle level of luminance.
 ‒Mode1  / Mode2 / Mode324
SAMSUNG MAGIC Upscale
SAMSUN G
MAGIC Upscale  function can enhance the layers of the picture details and the vividness of the picture.
The function has more obvious effects on low-resolution pictures.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Off / Mode1  / Mode2
 ―Comparing with Mode1 , Mode2 has a stronger effect.
HDMI  Black L evel
If a DVD player or set-top box is connected to the product via HDMI, image quality degradation (contrast/
colour degradation, black level, etc.) may occur, depending on the connected source device.
In such case, HDMI Black Level can be used to adjust the image quality.
 ―This function is only available in HDMI  mode.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Normal : Select this mode when there is no contrast ratio degradation.
 •Low : Select this mode to reduce the black level and increase the white level when there is a 
contrast ratio degradation.
 ―HDMI Black Level may not be compatible with some source devices.
 ―The HDMI Black Level feature is only activated at a certain AV resolution, such as 720P @ 60 Hz and 1080P 
@ 60 Hz.Eye Saver  Mode
Set to an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation.TÜV  Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” is a certification for products which meet requirements for 
lower blue light levels. When Eye Saver Mode  is 'On', the blue light that wavelength is around 400nm 
will decrease, and it will provide an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation. At the same 
time, the blue light level is lower than in the default settings, and it was tested by TÜV  Rheinland and 
certified as it met the requirements of TÜV  Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” standards.
Game  Mode
Configure the product screen settings for game mode.
Use this feature when playing games on a PC or when a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™ 
is connected.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―When the product turns off, enters power-saving mode or changes input sources, Game Mode  turns Off 
even if it is set to On.
 ―If you want to keep Game Mode  enabled all the time, select Always On .
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
Response  Time
Accelerate the panel response rate to make video appear more vivid and natural.
 ―Use Standard  mode when not playing a video or game.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Screen Size  is set to  /  /  
(PIP Mode).25
Screen  Ratio
Change the picture size.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Screen Size  is set to  (PBP Mode).
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the input source.
 •Wide: Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the input source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit: Display the picture with the original aspect ratio without cutting off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the Screen Ratio is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―The input source is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and product can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode is set to 
AV.Screen  Adjustment
 ―This option is only available when PC/AV Mode  is set to AV.
 ―This menu is only available when Screen Ratio is set to Screen Fit in AV  Mode.
When a 480P or 576P or 720P or 1080P signal is input in AV  mode and the product can display normally, 
select Screen Fit to adjust horizontal position and vertical position in 0-6 levels.
Configuring H-P osition  & V-Position
H-Position: Move the screen to the left or right.
V-Position: Move the screen up or down.26Configuring the PIP/PBP  Settings
Function Key Guide →  → PIP/PBP
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  05
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The colour and shape of parts may 
differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
PIP/PBP  Mode
Enable or disable the PIP/PBP Mode  function.
The PIP (Picture in Picture) function separates the screen into two parts. One source device is displayed 
on the main screen at the same time the another source device is displayed in inset windows.
The PBP (Picture by Picture) function separates the screen in half displaying output from two different 
source devices simultaneously on the left and right sides of the screen.
 ―PIP/PBP  mode is compatible with Windows 7 , Windows 8, and Windows 10.
 ―The PIP/PBP  function may not be available depending on the specifications of the graphics card used. If the 
screen is blank in PIP/PBP  mode when the optimum resolution is selected, go to Control Panel → Display  → 
Screen Resolution and click Detect on the PC. (Instructions are based on Windows 7 .) If the screen is blank 
when the resolution is set to the optimum resolution, change the resolution to 1280 x 1024.
 ―The screen may flicker briefly or appear after a delay when you enable or disable the PIP/PBP  function or 
when you change the screen size with the PIP/PBP  function activated. This can typically arise when a PC 
and a product are connected to two or more input sources. It has nothing to do with the performance of 
a product. The issue is mainly caused when the video signals are delayed in transmission to the product depending on the graphics card performance.
 ―When the PIP/PBP  function is enabled, the resolution will not be able to automatically switch to the 
optimum resolution due to a compatibility issue between the graphics card and the Windows system.Set PIP/PBP Mode  to Off. Alternatively, restart the product, then set the resolution to the optimum setting 
using the Windows interface.
 ―If the product is set to an incompatible resolution, the product may display an abnormal or blank screen. 
Change to a supported resolution by referring to the Standard Signal Mode Table.27
Screen  Size
Select the size and aspect ratio of the sub-screen.
 •  /  /  / 
Position
Select the position of the sub-screen from the available options.
 •  /  /  / 
 ―Not available when PBP is selected.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input source is unstable.
Sound  Source
Set which screen you want to hear the sound for.
PBP mode
 / 
PIP mode
 / Source
Select the source for each screen.
PBP Mode (available in PBP mode(S creen  Size  ))
 ―The input source for each screen changes.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 ―When the input signal of the left and right screens are the same, the operation cannot be performed.
 ―When the Function Key Guide appears, move the JOG button LEFT to select the  icon and then press the 
JOG button. The same PBP source setting menu appears. The mode switches in the order of DisplayPort → 
HDMI1  → HDMI2.
PIP Mode (available in PIP mode( Screen  Size   /  / ))
 ―The input source for the main screen changes.
 ―With the exception of the current input source, the other two input sources can be selected.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 ―When the Function Key Guide appears, move the JOG button LEFT to select the  icon and then press 
the JOG button. The main screen will switch in the order DisplayPort → HDMI1  → HDMI2.28
Screen  Ratio
Select the image size for each screen.
PBP Mode (available in PBP mode(S creen  Size  ))
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
 •Wide: Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit: Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting anything off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―The input source is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and product can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to 
AV.PIP Mode (available in PIP mode ( Screen  Size   /  / ))
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
 •Wide: Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit: Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting anything off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―The input source is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and product can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to 
AV.29
Contrast
PBP Mode (available in PBP mode(S creen  Size  ))
Adjust the contrast level for each screen.
PIP Mode (available in PIP mode( Screen  Size   /  / ))
Adjust the contrast level for sub-screen.30Adjusting OSD (On Screen Display) settings
Function Key Guide →  → On Screen Display
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  06
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The colour and shape of parts may 
differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
Transparency
Set the transparency for the menu windows.
Position
H-P osition
Move the menu position to the left or right.
V-Position
Move the menu position up or down.Language
Set the menu language.
 ―A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display.
 ―It will not be applied to other functions on your PC.
Display  Time
The OSD menu will automatically disappear if the menu is not used for a specified period of time.
Display Time  is a function to specify the time which you want the OSD menu to disappear.31Setup and Reset
Function Key Guide →  → System
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  07
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The colour and shape of parts may 
differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
Self Diagnosis
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
1 Use the Function Key Guide and go to  → System  → Self Diagnosis .
 Self Diagnosis
DisplayPort Ver.HDMI ModeFreeSyncEco Saving PlusOff Timer PlusPC/AV ModeSystem
1.2↑
2.0
OffOffPerform this 
test when you experience a problem with your monitor's picture.
Return2 Select OK  when the following screen is prompted.
OKThe test screen will now be shown. Please look carefully at the screen for the next 5 seconds.
 • Review the test screen.
 ―Never turn off the power nor change the input source during self diagnosis. If possible, try not to interrupt 
testing.32
3 Base on the test result, select Yes / No / Show Again .
Yes No Show AgainDo you still see the same problem on the test screen?
If you need to see the photo again, click Show Again.
 • You will see the following screen when you select Yes.
Self Diagnosis Complete
Contact the Samsung Call Center for assistance.
Please have the following information ready:
 ‐Model Cod
e: **************
 ‐Sof
tware Version: *-*********-****.*
 ‐S/N: **************
OK
 • You will see the following screen when you select No.
Self Diagnosis CompleteIf the test screen is okay during Self Diagnosis, your monitor may not have a problem. If the problem persists, follow the steps below:
 ‐Turn of
f your monitor and any other connected device, such as a PC.Turn on your monitor first 
and then the other connected device.
 ‐Upd
ate the operating system and graphics card driver to the latest version and restart your PC.
 ‐Connect the other
 device, such as a PC, to a different input port on your monitor.
 ‐Reset 
your monitor by pressing the jog button on the monitor and selecting System > Reset All.
 ‐Replac
e the cable with the one enclosed with your monitor.
OKDisplay Port Ver.
Select the DisplayPort version to use.
 ―Incorrect settings may cause the screen to go blank. If this occurs, check the device specifications.
 ―If the product (when set to DisplayPort) is displaying the message Check the cable connection and the 
settings of the source device.  press the JOG button to display the Function Key Guide screen and then 
select  → System  → DisplayPort Ver. → 1.1 or 1.2↑ .
HDMI  Mode
Select the HDMI mode to use.
 ―The supportable device and resolution may differ depending on its version.
 ―When the version is changed, the screen may blink.
 ―If you set the HDMI Mode  to 1.4, some high resolutions may not be supported because of bandwidth 
limitation of the HDMI 1.4 protocol.
 ―When the setting is not appropriate, a blank screen may appear. In this case, check the specifications of the 
device.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Screen Size  is set to  (PBP Mode).33
FreeSync
FreeSync technology is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency.
This feature will eliminate screen tearing and lag during game play. Improve your gaming experience.The displayed FreeSync menu items on the monitor may vary, depending on the monitor model and 
compatibility with the AMD graphics card.
 • Off: Disable FreeSync.
 • On: Turn on the AMD graphics cards' FreeSync function. You may experience intermittent flickers 
when playing some games.
Apply the optimum resolution when using FreeSync.
The refresh rate setting method please refer to Q & A  → How can I change the frequency?
 ―The FreeSync function is only enabled in HDMI  or DisplayPort mode.
Use the HDMI/DP cable provided by the manufacturer when using FreeSync.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
If you use the FreeSync function while playing a game, the following symptoms may occur:
 • The screen may flicker depending on the type of graphics card, the game option settings, or the 
video being played. Try the following actions: decrease the game setting values, change the current FreeSync mode to Off , or visit the AMD website to check your graphics driver’s version and 
update it with the latest one.
 • While you are using the FreeSync function, the screen may flicker due to variation of the output 
frequency from the graphics card.
 • The response rate during the game may fluctuate depending on the resolution. A higher resolution generally decreases the response rate.
 • The sound quality of the monitor may be degraded.
 ―If you encounter any issues when using the function, contact the Samsung Service Centre.
 ―If you change the screen resolution while the function is On, the screen may intermittently blank out due 
to the graphi card. Set FreeSync to Off  and change the resolution.
 ―The function is unavailable in the devices (e.g. AV devices) that have no AMD graphic card. If the function is 
applied, the screen may have malfunction.The models in the Graphics Cards list supports FreeSync
FreeSync can only be used with specific AMD graphics card models. Refer to the following list for supported graphics cards:
Make sure to install the latest official graphics drivers from AMD that support FreeSync.
 ―For additional AMD graphics card models that support the FreeSync feature, visit the official AMD website.
 ―Select FreeSync Off  if you are using a graphics card from a different manufacturer.
 ―When applying the FreeSync function via the HDMI cable, it may fail to work due to the bandwidth 
limitation of certain AMD graphics card.
 • Radeon™ RX Vega series
 • Radeon™ RX 500 series
 • Radeon™ RX 400 series
 • Radeon™ R9/R7 300 series  (excluding R9 
370/X, R7 370/X, R7 265 ) • Radeon™ Pro Duo (2016 edition)
 • Radeon™ R9 Nano series
 • Radeon™ R9 Fury series
 • Radeon™ R9/R7 200 series  (excluding R9 
270/X, R9 280/X )34
Eco Saving Plus
Reduce energy consumption compared to consumption at the maximum brightness level.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 • Off: Deactivate the Eco Saving Plus  function.
 • Auto : The power consumption will automatically be reduced by about 10% over the current setting.
(The reduction of power consumption depends on the customer screen brightness condition.)
 • Low : Saves up to 25 % energy compared to the maximum brightness.
 • High : Saves up to 50 % energy compared to the maximum brightness.Off Timer  Plus
Configuring Off  Timer
Off Timer: Turn on Off Timer mode.
Turn Off After : The off timer can be set within a range of 1 to 23 hours. The product will automatically 
power off after the specified number of hours.
 ―This option is only available when Off Timer is set to On .
 ―For products for the market in some regions, the Off Timer is set to automatically activate 4 hours after the 
product powers on. This is done in accordance with power supply regulations. If you do not want the timer 
to activate, go to  → System  → Off Timer Plus  and set Off Timer to Off .
Configuring E co Timer
Eco Timer : Turn on Eco Timer  mode.
Eco Off After : The Eco Timer  can be set between 10 and 180 minutes. The product will automatically 
power off after the specified time has elapsed.
 ―This option is only available when Eco Timer  is set to On.35
PC/AV Mode
Set PC/AV Mode  to AV. The picture size will be enlarged.
This option is useful when you view a movie.
 • Set to PC when connected to a PC.
 • Set to AV  when connected to an AV device.
 ―Products with a display area of 16:9 or 16:10 are only supported.
 ―If the product is in HDMI , DisplayPort mode and the screen says Check the cable connection and the 
settings of the source device.  press the JOG button to display the Function Key Guide screen and then 
select  → System  → PC/AV Mode  → HDMI , DisplayPort → PC or AV.
Source  Detection
Select either Auto  or Manual as the method to recognise input source.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.Key Repeat Time
Control the response rate of a button when the button is pressed.
Acceleration , 1 sec, or 2 sec can be selected. If No Repeat  is selected, a command responds only once 
when a button is pressed.
Power  LED On
Configure the settings to enable or disable the power LED located at the lower part of the product.
 • Working: The power LED is on when the product is turned on.
 • Stand-by : The power LED is on when the product is turned off.
Reset  All
Return all the settings for the product to the default factory settings.36Information
Function Key Guide →  → Information
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  08
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The colour and shape of parts may 
differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
Information
View the current input source mode, frequency and resolution that are in use and the current product 
version.
InformationPicture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationInformation
ExitHDMI
**** x ****
**kHz  **Hz
Current Version: *-*********-***
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.PIP
Information
Picture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
Information
ExitHDMI
**** x ****
**kHz  **HzDisplayPort
Current Version: *-*********-***
PBP
Information
Picture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
Information
ExitHDMI
**** x ****
**kHz  **HzDisplayPort
Current Version: *-*********-***37Installing the SoftwareChapter  09
Easy Setting Box
Easy Setting Box  enables users to use the product by partitioning multiple sections.
To install the latest version of Easy Setting Box, download it from the Samsung Electronics website at 
http://www.samsung.com.
 ―The software may not work properly if you do not restart the PC after the installation.
 ―The Easy Setting Box icon may not appear depending on the PC system and the product specifications.
 ―If the shortcut icon does not appear, press the F5 key.
Restrictions and Problems with the Installation
The Easy Setting Box installation may be affected by the Graphics Card, Motherboard and the 
Networking Environment.
Upgrade by downloading the firmware from the website
Visit the Samsung Electronics website at http://www.samsung.com, enter the product model and download the firmware file.
 ―For details on how to upgrade, refer to the upgrade guidance file provided at the website.System Requirements
OS Hardware
 •Windows 7 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 8 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 8.1 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 10 32Bit/64Bit •At least 32MB of memory
 •At least 60MB of free space on the hard disk drive38Troubleshooting GuideChapter  10
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung 
Customer Service Centre
 ―Before calling Samsung Customer Service Centre, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, 
contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
Product diagnosis (Screen issue)
If a problem occurs with the product screen, run Self Diagnosis  to check that the product is working 
properly.
Checking the Resolution and Frequency
If a resolution that is not supported (see the Standard Signal Mode Table ) is selected, the Not Optimum 
Mode  message may appear for a short time or the screen may not be displayed properly.
 ―The displayed resolution may vary, depending on the PC system settings and cables.Check the following.
Installation issue
The screen keeps switching on and off.
Check the cable connection between the product and PC, and ensure the connectors are locked.
Blank spaces are found on all four sides of the screen when an HDMI cable is connected to the 
product and PC.
The blank spaces found on the screen have nothing to do with the product.
Blank spaces on the screen are caused by the PC or graphics card. To resolve the problem, adjust the 
screen size in the HDMI or DVI settings for the graphics card.
If the graphics card settings menu does not have an option to adjust the screen size, update the 
graphics card driver to the latest version.
(Please contact the graphics card or PC manufacturer for further details about how to adjust the 
screen settings.)
The power plug cannot be removed from the power adapter.
Do not remove the power plug after assembly.
 ―The power plug may not be provided, depending on the model.
Screen issue
The power LED is off. The screen will not switch on.
Check that the power cable is connected properly.
If a problem occurs with the product screen, run Self Diagnosis  to check that the product is working 
properly.39
The message Check the cable  connection and  the settings  of the source  device . appears.
Check that the cable is properly connected to the product.
Check that the device connected to the product is powered on.If the product is in HDMI  or DisplayPort  mode, press the JOG button to display the Function Key Guide 
screen and select the 
 icon.
Not Optimum Mode  is displayed.
This message appears when the signal from the graphics card exceeds the maximum resolution or 
frequency for the product.
Change the maximum resolution and frequency to suit the product performance, referring to 
Standard Signal Mode Table (P. 42).
The images on the screen look distorted.
Check the cable connection to the product.
The screen is not clear. The screen is blurry.
Remove any accessories (video extension cable, etc.) and try again.
Set the resolution and frequency to the recommended level.
The screen appears unstable and shaky. There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
Check that the resolution and frequency for the PC are within the range of resolution and frequency 
compatible with the product. Next, if required, change the settings, referring to Standard Signal Mode Table (P. 42) in this manual and the Information  menu on the product.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too dark.
Adjust Brightness  and Contrast.
Screen colour is inconsistent.
Change the Color settings.
The colours on the screen have a shadow and are distorted.
Change the Color settings.
White does not really look white.
Change the Color settings.
There is no image on the screen and the power LED blinks every 0.5 to 1 second.
The product is operating in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to return to normal operating mode.Text is blurry.
If using a Windows OS (e.g. Windows 7 , Windows 8, Windows 8.1 or Windows 10): Go to Control Panel 
→ Fonts → Adjust ClearType text and change Turn on ClearType .
Video playback is choppy.
Playback of high-definition large video files can be choppy. This may be because the video player is 
not optimised for the PC resource.
Try playing the file on another video player.
Sound issue
There is no sound.
Re-check the condition of the connected audio cable and/or adjust the volume.Check the volume.Check whether audio is set to mute.
The volume is too low.
Adjust the volume.If the volume is still low after turning it up to the maximum level, adjust the volume on your PC sound 
card or software programme.
Video is available but there is no sound.
Sound cannot be heard if an HDMI-DVI cable is used to connect the input device.
Connect the device using an HDMI cable or a DP cable.
Source device issue
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is booting.
If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is booting, have your PC serviced.40
Q & A
 ―Refer to the user manual for your PC or graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.
How can I change the frequency?
Set the frequency on your graphics card.
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Screen Resolution  → Advanced settings  → Monitor, and adjust Screen Refresh Rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Screen Resolution  → Advanced settings  → Monitor, and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings → System  → Display  → Advanced display settings  → Display adapter properties  → Monitor, and adjust Screen refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
How can I change the resolution?
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Screen Resolution  → Adjust Resolution.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Adjust Resolution, and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings → System  → Display  → Advanced display settings , and adjust the resolution.
How do I set power-saving mode?
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalization → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalize  → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings → Personalization → Lock screen → Screen timeout settings  → Power & sleep  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.41SpecificationsChapter  11
General
Model Name U28R55*
Size 28 Class ( 28 Inches / 71.0 cm)
Display area 620.928 mm (H) x 341.28  mm (V)
Pixel Pitch 0.16  mm (H) x 0.16  mm (V)
Maximum Pixel Clock 600  MHz (HDMI, DisplayPort)
Power Supply AC100-240V~ 50/60Hz
Based on the AC voltage of the adapter. For the DC voltage of the 
product, refer to the product label.
Signal connectors HDMI, DisplayPort
Environmental conditions Operating
Temperature: 10 °C – 40 °C ( 50 °F – 104 °F)
Humidity: 10 % – 80 %, non-condensing
Storage
Temperature: -20 °C – 45 °C (-4  °F – 113 °F)
Humidity: 5 % – 95 %, non-condensing ―Plug-and-Play
This product can be installed and used with any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. Two-way data 
exchange between the product and PC system optimises the product settings. Product installation takes place automatically. However, you can customise the installation settings if desired.
 ―Panel Dots (Pixels)
Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) may be brighter or darker on the LCD panel. This does not affect product performance.
 ―The above specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 ―For detailed device specifications, visit the Samsung Electronics website.42
Standard Signal Mode Table
Model Name U28R55*
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30 ~ 135 kHz (HDMI, DisplayPort)
Vertical Frequency 50 ~ 75 Hz (HDMI, DisplayPort)
Resolution Optimum Resolution
3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz
Maximum Resolution
If a signal that belongs to the following standard signal modes is transmitted from your PC, the screen will automatically be adjusted. If the signal transmitted from the PC does not belong to the standard signal 
modes, the screen may be blank even though the power LED turns on. In such a case, change the settings according to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manual.
Displayport
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM , 720  x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA , 640  x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC , 640  x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA , 640  x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA , 640  x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA , 800  x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA , 800  x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA , 800  x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA , 800  x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC , 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA , 1024  x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA , 1024  x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA , 1024  x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA , 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC , 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA , 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA , 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+
VESA , 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+43
Displayport
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA , 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA , 1440  x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+
VESA , 1600  x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA , 1680  x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+
VESA , 1920  x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA , 2560  x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA , 3840  x 2160 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-
HDMI
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM , 720  x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA , 640  x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC , 640  x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA , 640  x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA , 640  x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA , 800  x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA , 800  x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA , 800  x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA , 800  x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC , 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA , 1024  x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA , 1024  x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA , 1024  x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA , 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC , 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA , 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA , 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+
VESA , 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA , 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+44
HDMI
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA , 1440  x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+
VESA , 1600  x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA , 1680  x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+
VESA , 1920  x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA , 2560  x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
CEA , 3840  x 2160 67.500 30.000 297.000 +/+
CEA , 3840  x 2160 135.000 60.000 594.000 +/+
 ―Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is measured in 
kHz.
 ―Vertical Frequency
Repeating the same picture dozens of times per second allows you to view natural pictures. The repeat frequency is called "vertical frequency" or "refresh rate" and is indicated in Hz.
 ―This product can be set to only one resolution for each screen size to obtain the optimum picture quality due to the nature of the panel. Using a resolution other than the specified resolution may degrade the picture quality. 
To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum resolution specified for your product.
 ―Some resolutions listed in the table above may not be available depending on graphics card specifications.45AppendixChapter  12
Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to 
Customers)
 ―When the service is requested, in spite of in warranty, we may charge you for a visit from a service 
technician in the following cases.
Not a product defect
Cleaning of the product, Adjustment, Explanation, Re-installation and etc.
 •If a service technician is requested to give instructions on how to use product or simply adjusts 
options without disassembling product.
 •If a defect is caused by external environmental factors (Internet, Antenna, Wired Signal, etc.)
 •If a product is reinstalled or devices are connected additionally after installing the purchased product for the first time.
 •If a product is reinstalled to move to a different spot or to move to a different house.
 •If the customer requests instructions on how to use another company's product.
 •If customer requests instructions on how to use the network or another company's Programme.
 •If customer requests software installation and setup for the product.
 •If a service technician removes/cleans dusts or foreign materials inside of the product.
 •If customer requests an installation additionally after purchasing a product through home-shopping or online.A Product damage caused by customer's fault
Product damage caused by customer's mishandling or wrong repair
If a product damage is caused by;
 •External impact or drop.
 •Use of supplies or separately sold product unspecified by Samsung.
 •Repair from a person besides an engineer of outsourcing service company or partner of Samsung 
Electronics Co., Ltd.
 •Remodeling or repairing the product by customer.
 •Using it with incorrect voltage or non-authorised electrical connections.
 •Not following the "cautions" in User Manual.
Others
 •If product fails by natural disaster. (lightning, fire, earthquake, flood damage, etc)
 •If consumable components are all used up. (Battery, Toner, Fluorescent lights, Head, Vibrator, Lamp, Filter, Ribbon, etc.)
 ―If customer requests a service in case the product has no defect, service fee may be charged. So please 
read User Manual first.User Manual
The color and the appearance may differ depending on the product, and the specifications are subject to change without 
prior notice to improve the performance.
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
© Samsung ElectronicsSamsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.Use or reproduction of this manual in parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is prohibited.Trademarks other than that of Samsung Electronics are owned by their respective owners.
U*R59*
An administration fee may be charged in the following situations: 
(a) An engineer is called out at your request, but it is found that the product has no defect (i.e., where the user 
manual has not been read). 
(b) You bring the unit to a repair centre, but it is found that the product has no defect (i.e., where the user manual 
has not been read). 
You will be informed of the administration fee amount before a technician visits.2Table of contents
Before Using the Product
Securing the Installation Space  4
Precautions for storage  4
Safety Precautions  4
Cleaning  5
Electricity and Safety  5
Installation  6
Operation  7
Preparations
Parts  10
Control Panel  10
Direct Key guide  11
Configuring Eye Saver  Mode, Brightness and C ontrast 
from the Initial Screen  14
Changing the Volume  setting  14
Types of Ports  15
Adjusting the Product Tilt  16
Anti-theft Lock  16
Precautions for moving the monitor  17
Installation  18
Attaching the Stand  18
Removing the Stand  19Connecting and Using a Source Device
Read below before installing the monitor.  20
Connecting and Using a PC  20
Connection Using the HDMI Cable  20
Connection Using the HDMI-DVI Cable  21
Connection Using the DP Cable  21
Connecting to Headphones  21
Connecting the Power  22
Tidying Up the Connected Cables  22
Correct posture to use the product  23
Driver Installation  23
Setting Optimum Resolution  23Picture
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright  24
Brightness  25
Contrast  25
Sharpness  25
Color  25
SAMSUNG MAGIC Upscale  26
HDMI  Black L evel  26
Eye Saver  Mode  26
Game  Mode  26
Response  Time  26
Picture  Size  27
Screen  Adjustment  273Table of contents
PBP
PBP  Mode  28
Sound S ource  29
Picture  Size  29
Contrast  29
OnScreen  Display
Transparency  30
Language  30
Display  Time  30System
Smart  ECO  Saving+  31
Off Timer  Plus  31
PC/AV Mode  32
Display Port Ver. 32
HDMI  Mode  32
Source D etection  32
Key Repeat Time  32
Power  LED On  33
Reset  All 33
Information  33
Installing the Software
Easy Setting Box  34
Restrictions and Problems with the Installation  34
System Requirements  34Troubleshooting Guide
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung Customer 
Service Center  35
Testing the Product  35
Checking the Resolution and Frequency  35
Check the following.  35
Q & A  37
Specifications
General  38
Standard Signal Mode Table  39
Appendix
Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to 
Customers)  42
Not a product defect  42
A Product damage caused by customer's fault  42
Others  424Securing the Installation Space
Ensure some space around the product for ventilation. An internal temperature rise may cause fire and 
damage the product. Be sure to allow the amount of space as shown below or greater when installing the product.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
10 cm (3.93 Inches)10 cm (3.93 Inches)
10 cm
(3.93 Inches)10 cm(3.93 Inches)
10 cm(3.93 Inches)
Precautions for storage
High-glossy models can develop white stains on the surface if an ultrasonic wave humidifier is used 
nearby.
 ―Contact your nearest Samsung Customer Service Center if you want to clean the inside of the product 
(Service fee will be charged.)
Do not press the monitor screen with hands or other objects. There is a risk of damaging the screen.Safety Precautions
Warning A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
CautionPersonal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are not followed.Before Using the ProductChapter  015
Cleaning
 ―Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched.
 ―Take the following steps when cleaning.
1 Power off the product and computer.
2 Disconnect the power cord from the product.
 ―Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet hands. Otherwise, an electric 
shock may result.
3 Wipe the monitor with a clean, soft and dry cloth.
 ‒Do not apply a cleaning agent that contains alcohol, solvent, or surfactant to the monitor.
 ‒Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4 Wet a soft and dry cloth in water and wring thoroughly to clean the exterior of the product.
5 Connect the power cord to the product when cleaning is finished.
6 Power on the product and computer.Electricity and Safety
Warning
 •Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
 •Do not use multiple products with a single power socket.
 •Do not touch the power plug with wet hands.
 •Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
 •Connect the power plug to a grounded power socket (type 1 insulated devices only).
 •Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Be careful not to leave the power cord under a heavy 
object.
 •Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources.
 •Clean any dust around the pins of the power plug or the power socket with a dry cloth.
Caution
 •Do not disconnect the power cord while the product is being used.
 •Only use the power cord provided with your product by Samsung. Do not use the power cord with other products.
 •Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed.
 ‒The power cord must be disconnected to cut off power to the product when an issue occurs.
 •Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket.6
Warning
 •DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT REPELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP OF THE PRODUCT. DO NOT 
INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
 •Do not install the product in poorly ventilated spaces such as a bookcase or closet.
 •Install the product at least 10 cm away from the wall to allow ventilation.
 •Keep the plastic packaging out of the reach of children.
 ‒Children may suffocate.
 •Do not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, sloped surface, etc.)
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 ‒Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the product or cause a fire.
 •Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water drips, etc.), oil, or smoke.
 •Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a stove.
 ‒The product lifespan may be reduced or a fire may result.
 •Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
 ‒The product may fall and injure children.
 •Edible oil (such as soybean oil) may damage or distort the product. Keep the product away from oil pollution. And do not install or use the product in the kitchen or near the kitchen stove.Caution
 •Do not drop the product while moving.
 •Do not set down the product on its front.
 •When installing the product on a cabinet or shelf, make sure that the bottom edge of the front of the product is not protruding.
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 ‒Install the product only on cabinets or shelves of the right size.
 •Set down the product gently.
 ‒Product failure or personal injury may result.
 •Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine dust, chemical substances, extreme temperatures or a significant presence of moisture, or a place where the product will operate continuously for an extended period of time) may seriously affect its performance.
 ‒Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Center if you want to install the product at such a place.Installation7
Warning
 •There is a high voltage inside the product. Never disassemble, repair or modify the product 
yourself.
 ‒Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for repairs.
 •To move the product, first disconnect all the cables from it, including the power cable.
 •If the product generates abnormal sounds, a burning smell or smoke, disconnect the power cord immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 •Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
 ‒Children may become injured or seriously harmed.
 •If the product is dropped or the outer case is damaged, turn off the power and disconnect the power cord. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 ‒Continued use can result in a fire or electric shock.
 •Do not leave heavy objects or items that children like (toys, sweets, etc.) on top of the product.
 ‒The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toys or sweets resulting in a serious injury.
 •During a lightning or thunderstorm, power off the product and remove the power cable.
 •Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
 •Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 •If a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, ventilate the area immediately.
 •Do not lift or move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 •Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near the product.
 •Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
 ‒An increased internal temperature may cause a fire. •Do not insert metallic objects (chopsticks, coins, hairpins, etc) or objects that burn easily (paper, matches, etc) into the product (via the vent or input/output ports, etc).
 ‒Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 •Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic objects on top of the product.
 ‒Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.Operation8
Caution
 •Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time may cause 
afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
 ‒Activate power-saving mode or a moving-picture screen saver if you will not be using the product for an extended period of time.
 •Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the product for an extended period of time (vacation, etc).
 ‒Dust accumulation combined with heat can cause a fire, electric shock or electric leakage.
 •Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
 ‒Your eyesight may deteriorate.
 •Do not put AC/DC adapters together.
 •Remove the plastic bag from the AC/DC adapter before you use it.
 •Do not let water enter the AC/DC adapter device or get the device wet.
 ‒An electric shock or fire may result.
 ‒Avoid using the product outdoors where it can be exposed to rain or snow.
 ‒Be careful not to get the AC/DC adapter wet when you wash the floor.
 •Do not put the AC/DC adapter near to any heating apparatus.
 ‒Otherwise, a fire may result.
 •Keep the AC/DC adapter in a well-ventilated area.
 •If you place the AC/DC power adapter so that it is hanging with the cord input facing upwards, water or other foreign substances could enter the Adapter and cause the Adapter to malfunction.
Make sure to rest the AC/DC power adapter flat on a table or the floor. •Insert the power plug into the AC/DC adapter until a click sound is heard.
 •Do not insert only the power plug into the power outlet.
 •Do not use an AC/DC adapter other than the provided one.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Do not insert the AC/DC adapter into the power outlet on the ceiling.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Rotate the power plug not to exceed the range (0 to 90°) on the AC/DC adapter.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Never diassemble the power plug after being assembled. (It cannot be separated after assembly.)
 •Never use the provided power plug for other devices.
 •When removing the AC/DC adapter from the power outlet, hold the body of AC/DC adapter and pull 
it up.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Do not drop any objects or apply shock on the AC/DC adapter.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Use the AC/DC adapter after removing its plastic cover.
 ‒Otherwise, this may result fire.9
 •Do not hold the product upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged or cause an injury.
 •Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can deteriorate your eyesight.
 •Do not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
 •Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes or look at distance objects for every 1 hour of product use.
 •Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an extended period of time as it 
will become hot.
 •Store small accessories out of the reach of children.
 •Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle.
 ‒Your hand or finger may get stuck and injured.
 ‒Tilting the product at an excessive angle may cause the product to fall and an injury may result.
 •Do not place heavy objects on the product.
 ‒Product failure or personal injury may result.
 •When using headphones or earphones, do not turn the volume too high.
 ‒Having the sound too loud may damage your hearing.10PreparationsChapter  02
Parts
Control Panel
 ―The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
Function Key GuideJOG Button
DOWNPRESS(ENTER)LEFT
ReturnPower LED
UP
RIGHTIcons Description
JOG ButtonMulti directional button that helps navigate.
 ―The JOG button is located on the rear left side of the product. The 
button can be used to move up, down, left or right, or as Enter.
Power LEDThis LED is power status indicator and works as
 •Power On (Power button): Off
 •Power saving mode: Blinking
 •Power Off (Power button): On
 ―The power Indicator operation can be swapped by changing in the 
menu. ( System  → Power LED On ) Actual models because of functional 
variation maybe haven’t this function.
Function Key GuidePress the JOG button when the screen is turned on. The Function Key 
Guide will appear. To access the onscreen menu when the guide is displayed, press the corresponding direction button again.
 ―Function Key Guide may vary depending on the function or product 
model. Please refer to the actual product. 11
Eye Saver Mode
Volume
Eye Saver Mode  OffFeatures
 •UP/DOWN: Adjust Brightness , Contrast, Eye Saver Mode .
 •LEFT/RIGHT: Adjust Volume.
 •PRESS(ENTER): Display Function Key Guide.Direct Key guide
 ―The shortcut button screen (OSD menu) shown below is displayed only when the monitor screen is turned on, the computer resolution changes, or the input source changes.12
Function Key Guide
 ―To enter the main menu or to use other items, press the JOG button to display the Function Key Guide. You can exit by pressing the JOG button again.
ReturnUP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT: Move to the item you want. The description for each item will appear when the focus changes.
PRESS(ENTER): The selected item will be applied.
Icons Description
Selects  to change the input signal by moving the JOG button in the Function Key Guide screen. A message will appear on the top left corner of the screen if the input signal has 
been changed.
 ―When PBP Mode is available, the position of left and right sides of screen can be changed by using this key.
Selects  by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
The OSD (On Screen Display) of your Monitor’s feature appears.OSD control lock: Maintain the current settings, or lock the OSD control to prevent unintended changes to settings.Enable/Disable: To lock/unlock the OSD control, press the LEFT button for 10 seconds when the main menu displayed.
 ―If the OSD control is locked, Brightness  and Contrast can be adjusted. PBP is available.
Eye Saver Mode  is available. Information  can be viewed.
Selects  by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
Press the button when configuring settings for the PBP function is required.
Selects  to turn the Monitor off by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
 ―Actual models because of functional variation, Function key guide options will be different.13
When the monitor displays nothing (i.e. Power saving mode or Non-signal mode), 2 direct keys for 
control source and power could be used as below.
JOG Button Power saving/Non-signal mode
UP Source Change
Down
PRESS(ENTER) for 2 seconds Power Off
When the monitor displays the Main menu the JOG Button could be used as below.
JOG Button Action
UP/DOWN Move the option
LEFTExit the Main menu.
Close Sublist without saving value.Value decreases in the slider.
RIGHTMove to next depth.Value increases in the slider.
PRESS(ENTER)Move to next depth.Save the value and close Sublist.14
Configuring E ye Saver  Mode , Brightness  and Contrast 
from the Initial Screen
Adjust the Brightness , Contrast and Eye Saver Mode  by moving the JOG button.
Eye Saver Mode
BrightnessContrast
Off
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
Eye Saver Mode
Brightness
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
Contrast
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PBP Mode is set to On .Changing the Volume  setting
You can adjust Volume by moving the JOG button left or right, if no OSD menu is displayed.
Volume 50
Mute
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 ―If the audio quality of a connected input device is poor, the Auto Mute function on the product may mute 
the sound or cause choppy audio when applying the headphones or speakers. Set the input volume for the 
input device to at least 20% and control the volume using the volume control (JOG button LEFT/RIGHT) on the product.
 ―What is Auto Mute?
The function mutes the audio to improve sound effect when there is sound noise or when the input signal is weak, usually due to a problem with the volume of an input device.
 ―To activate the Mute function, access the Volume  control screen, then use the JOG button to move the 
focus down. To deactivate the Mute function, access the Volume  control screen, then increase or decrease 
the Volume .15
Types of Ports 
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality. Refer to the actual 
product.
HDMI IN DP IN DC  19V
Port Description
HDMI INConnects to a source device using an HDMI cable or HDMI-DVI cable.
 ―HDMI  support 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz
DP IN Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
Connect to an audio output device such as headphones.
 ―The sound could only be heard when using the HDMI to HDMI cable or DP cable.
DC 19V Connects to the AC/DC adapter.16
Adjusting the Product Tilt
 ―The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
-1.0° (-2.0° ~ +1.0°) ~ 17.0° (±2.0°)
 •The monitor tilt can be adjusted.
 •Hold the lower part of the product and adjust the tilt carefully.Anti-theft Lock
 ―An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places.
 ―The locking device shape and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user guide 
provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
To lock an anti-theft locking device:
1 Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object such as a desk.
2 Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3 Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4 Lock the locking device.
 ‒An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
 ‒Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 ‒Anti-theft locking devices can be purchased at electronics retailers or online.17
Precautions for moving the monitor
 •Do not directly apply pressure on the screen.
 •Do not hold the screen when moving the 
monitor. •Do not hold the product upside down only by the stand.
 •Hold the lower corners or edges of the monitor when moving it.18
Installation
Attaching the Stand
 ―Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen is facing downwards.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
1 2 3 4
Insert the stand neck into the stand base in the 
direction shown in the figure.
Check that the stand neck is firmly connected.Tightly fasten the connecting screw at the bottom 
of the stand base.Place the protective Styrofoam (cushion) included in the package on the floor and place the product facing down on the Styrofoam, as shown in the image.
If Styrofoam is unavailable, use a thick sitting mat.Place the assembled stand into the main body in 
the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.Fasten the screws at the bottom of the stand neck. 
5
Tide up the connected  power supply and the data 
cable then cover the COVER-REAR SUB  as shown in the figure. - Caution
Do not press down on the monitor. There is a risk 
of damaging the monitor.19
Removing the Stand
 ―Before removing the stand from the monitor, place the monitor on a flat and stable surface with the screen facing down.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
1 2 3 4
Place the protective Styrofoam (cushion) included 
in the package on the floor and place the product 
facing down on the Styrofoam, as shown in the image.
If Styrofoam is unavailable, use a thick sitting mat.Unfasten the 2 screws at the bottom of the stand 
neck. Lift and remove the stand in the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.Remove the stand neck from the stand base by pulling it in the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.
- Caution
Do not press down on the monitor. There is a risk of damaging the monitor.20Connecting and Using a Source DeviceChapter  03
Read below before installing the monitor.
1 Check the shapes of both ends of the cables that came with the monitor, and check the shapes and 
positions of the matching ports on the monitor and external devices.
2 Before connecting signal cables, disconnect the power cables for the monitor and external devices from the power outlet to prevent device damage from a short circuit or overcurrent.
3 After connecting all signal cables, connect the power cables for the monitor and external devices to the power outlet.
4 Read the user manual to familiarize yourself with the monitor functions, precautions, and proper use, before using the installed monitor.Connecting and Using a PC
Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 ―Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
Connection Using the HDMI Cable
Check to make sure that the power cables for the monitor and external devices, such as 
computers and set-top boxes, are not connected to the power outlet.
HDMI IN
 ―To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use an HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz to connect HDMI. 
Make sure that the graphics card of the HDMI source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz.
 ―When connecting an HDMI cable, use the cable that came with the components of the monitor. If you use 
an HDMI cable other than provided by Samsung, the image quality may be degraded.21
Connection Using the HDMI-DVI Cable
Check to make sure that the power cables for the monitor and external devices, such as 
computers and set-top boxes, are not connected to the power outlet.
HDMI IN
 ―The audio function is not supported if the source device is connected using the HDMI-DVI cable.
 ―The optimum resolution may not be available with an HDMI-DVI cable.
Connection Using the DP Cable
Check to make sure that the power cables for the monitor and external devices, such as 
computers and set-top boxes, are not connected to the power outlet.
DP IN
 ―To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use a DP cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz. Make sure that the 
graphics card of the DP source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz.Connecting to Headphones
 ―Use headphones when activating sound with an HDMI-HDMI or DP cable.
 ―The earphone jack supports only the 3 conductor tip-ring-sleeve (TRS) type.22
Connecting the Power 
DC 19V
2
431
1 Connect the power plug to the AC/DC adapter.
2 Connect the AC/DC adapter cable to the DC 19V  port on the back of the monitor.
3 Plug the AC/DC adapter into the power outlet.
4 Press the JOG button on the back of the monitor to turn it on.
 ―The input voltage is switched automatically.Tidying Up the Connected Cables
1 2 3
4 5 623
Correct posture to use the product
Use the product in the correct posture as follows:
 •Straighten your back.
 •Allow a distance of 45 to 50cm between your eye and the screen, and look slightly downward at 
the screen.
 •Keep your eyes directly in front of the screen.
 •Adjust the angle so light does not reflect on the screen.
 •Keep your forearms perpendicular to your upper arms and level with the back of your hands.
 •Keep your elbows at about a right angle.
 •Adjust the height of the product so you can keep your knees bent at 90 degrees or more, your heels attached to the floor, and your arms lower than your heart.
 •Do the Eye excercises or blink frequently,then eye fatigue will be relieved.Driver Installation
 ―You can set the optimum resolution and frequency for this product by installing the corresponding drivers.
 ―To install the latest version of the product driver, download it from the Samsung Electronics website at 
http://www.samsung.com.
Setting Optimum Resolution
An information message about setting optimum resolution will appear if you power on the product for the first time after purchase.
Select a language on the product and change the resolution on your PC to the optimum setting.
 ―If the optimum resolution is not selected, the message will appear up to three times for a specified time 
even when the product is turned off and on again.
 ―The optimum resolution can also be selected in Control Panel on your PC.24Picture
Configure the screen settings such as brightness.
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  04
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ 
from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
This menu provides an optimum picture quality suitable for the environment where the product will be 
used.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PBP Mode is set to On .
You can customize the brightness to suit your preferences.In PC mode
 •Custom: Customize the contrast and brightness as required.
 •Standard : Obtain a picture quality suitable for editing documents or using Internet.
 •Cinema: Obtain the brightness and sharpness of TVs suitable for enjoying video and DVD content.
 •Dynamic Contrast : Obtain balanced brightness through automatic contrast adjustment.
In AV mode
When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV, SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  
has four automatic picture settings ( Dynamic , Standard , Movie and Custom) that are preset at the 
factory. You can activate either Dynamic , Standard , Movie or Custom. You can select Custom which 
automatically recalls your personalized picture settings.
 •Dynamic : Select this mode to view a sharper image than in Standard  mode.
 •Standard : Select this mode when the surroundings are bright. This also provides a sharp image.
 •Movie: Select this mode when the surroundings are dark. This will save power and reduce eye fatigue.
 •Custom: Select this mode when you want to adjust the image according to your preferences.25
Brightness
You can adjust the general brightness of the picture. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will make the picture appear brighter.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
Contrast
Adjust the contrast between the objects and background. (Range: 0~100)A higher value will increase the contrast to make the object appear clearer.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PBP Mode is set to On.
Sharpness
Make the outline of objects more clear or blurry. (Range: 0~100)A higher value will make the outline of objects clearer.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PBP Mode is set to On .Color
Adjust the tint of the screen.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PBP Mode is set to On .
 •Red: Adjust the red saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Green : Adjust the green saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Blue : Adjust the blue saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Color Tone : Select a color tone that best suits your viewing needs.
 ‒Cool 2 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Cool 1 .
 ‒Cool 1 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Normal  mode.
 ‒Normal : Display the standard color tone.
 ‒Warm 1 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Normal  mode.
 ‒Warm 2 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Warm 1 .
 ‒Custom: Customize the color tone.
 ―When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode is set to AV , Color Tone  has 
four color temperature settings ( Cool, Normal , Warm and Custom ).
 •Gamma: Adjust the middle level of luminance.
 ‒Mode1  / Mode2 / Mode326
SAMSUNG MAGIC Upscale
SAMSUN G
MAGIC Upscale  function can enhance the layers of the picture details and the vividness of the picture.
The function has more obvious effects on low-resolution pictures.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.  
 ―Not available when PBP Mode is set to On .
 •Off / Mode1  / Mode2
 ―Comparing with Mode1 , Mode2 has a stronger effect.
HDMI  Black L evel
If a DVD player or set-top box is connected to the product via HDMI, image quality degradation (contrast/
color degradation, black level, etc.) may occur, depending on the connected source device. In such case, HDMI Black Level can be used to adjust the image quality.
If this is the case, correct the degraded picture quality using HDMI Black Level.
 ―This function is only available in HDMI  mode.
 ―Not available when PBP Mode is set to On .
 •Normal : Select this mode when there is no contrast ratio degradation.
 •Low : Select this mode to reduce the black level and increase the white level when there is a 
contrast ratio degradation.
 ―HDMI Black Level may not be compatible with some source devices.
 ―The HDMI Black Level feature is only activated at a certain AV resolution, such as 720P @ 60 Hz and 1080P 
@ 60 Hz.Eye Saver  Mode
Set to an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation.TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” is a certification for products which meet requirements for 
lower blue light levels. When Eye Saver Mode  is 'On', the blue light that wavelength is around 400nm 
will decrease, and it will provide an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation. At the same time, the blue light level is lower than in the default settings, and it was tested by TÜV Rheinland and certified as it met the requirements of TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” standards.
Game  Mode
Configure the product screen settings for game mode.
Use this feature when playing games on a PC or when a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™ 
is connected.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―When the monitor turns off, enters power-saving mode or changes input sources, Game Mode  turns Off 
even if it is set to On.
 ―If you want to keep Game Mode  enabled all the time, select Always On .
 ―Not available when PBP Mode is set to On .
Response  Time
Accelerate the panel response rate to make video appear more vivid and natural.
 ―Use Standard  mode when not playing a video or game.27
Picture Size
Change the picture size.
 ―This menu is not available when PBP Mode is set to On .
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the input source.
 •Wide: Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the input source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit: Display the picture with the original aspect ratio without cutting off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP cable. 
 ―The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode is set to 
AV.Screen  Adjustment
 ―This menu is only available when Picture Size is set to Screen Fit in AV  Mode.
When a 480P or 576P or 720P or 1080P signal is input in AV  mode and the monitor can display normally, 
select Screen Fit to adjust horizontal position in 0-6 levels.
Configuring H-P osition  & V-Position
H-Position: Move the screen to the left or right.
V-Position: Move the screen up or down.28PBP
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  05
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ 
from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
PBP  Mode
Enable or disable the PBP Mode function.
The PBP (Picture by Picture) function separates the screen in half displaying output from two different 
source devices simultaneously on the left and right sides of the screen.
 ―The optimum resolution for the left and right sides of the screen is 1920 x 2160 (width x height). ―PBP mode is compatible with Windows 7 , Windows 8, and Windows 10.
 ―The PBP function may not be available depending on the specifications of the graphics card used. If the 
screen is blank in PBP mode when the optimum resolution is selected, go to Control Panel → Display  → 
Screen Resolution and click Detect on the PC. (Instructions are based on Windows 7 .) If the screen is blank 
when the resolution is set to the optimum resolution, change the resolution to 1280 x 1024.
 ―The screen may flicker briefly or appear after a delay when you enable or disable the PBP function or when 
you change the screen size with the PBP function activated.
This can typically arise when a PC and a monitor are connected to two or more input sources. It has nothing 
to do with the performance of a monitor.
The issue is mainly caused when the video signals are delayed in transmission to the monitor depending on 
the graphics card performance.
 ―To maximize the picture quality and Sound can be normal output it is recommended to use a graphics card 
or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz) resolution when connect HDMI  port.
 ―When the PBP function is enabled, the resolution will not be able to automatically switch to the optimum 
resolution due to a compatibility issue between the graphics card and the Windows system.Set PBP Mode to Off. Alternatively, restart the monitor, then set the resolution to the optimum setting 
using the Windows interface.29
Sound  Source
Set which screen you want to hear the sound for.
 •  / Picture Size
Set the Picture Size  for each of the divided screens.
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
 •Wide: Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit: Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting anything off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP cable.
 ―The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to 
AV.
Contrast
Adjust the contrast level for each screen.30OnS creen  Display
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  06
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ 
from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
Transparency
Set the transparency for the menu windows.Language
Set the menu language.
 ―A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display.
 ―It will not be applied to other functions on your PC.
Display  Time
Set the on-screen display (OSD) menu to automatically disappear if the menu is not used for a specified 
period of time.
Display Time  can be used to specify the time after which you want the OSD menu to disappear.31System
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  07
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ 
from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
Smart  ECO  Saving+
The Smart ECO Saving+ function reduces power consumption by controlling the electric current used 
by the monitor panel.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PBP Mode is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode . 
 •Off: Deactivate the Smart ECO Saving+ function.
 •On: The power consumption will be adjusted to save energy automatically. (The reduction of power 
consumption depends on the customer screen brightness condition.)Off Timer  Plus
Configuring Off  Timer
Off Timer: Turn on Off Timer mode.
Turn Off After : The off timer can be set within a range of 1 to 23 hours. The product will automatically 
power off after the specified number of hours.
 ―This option is only available when Off Timer is set to On .
 ―For products for the market in some regions, the Off Timer is set to automatically activate 4 hours after the 
product powers on. This is done in accordance with power supply regulations. If you do not want the timer 
to activate, go to  → System  → Off Timer Plus  and set Off Timer to Off.
Configuring E co Timer
Eco Timer : Turn on Eco Timer  mode.
Eco Off After : The Eco Timer  can be set between 10 and 180 minutes. The product will automatically 
power off after the specified time has elapsed.
 ―This option is only available when Eco Timer  is set to On.32
PC/AV Mode
Set PC/AV Mode  to AV. The picture size will be enlarged.
This option is useful when you view a movie.
 •Set to PC when connected to a PC.
 •Set to AV when connected to an AV device.
 ―Supplied for the wide models only such as 16:9 or 16:10.
 ―If the monitor (when set to HDMI , DisplayPort) is in power saving mode or is displaying the message Check 
Signal Cable, press the  icon to display the On Screen Display (OSD). You can select PC or AV.
Display Port Ver.
Select your Displayport.
 ―Incorrect settings may cause the screen to go blank. If this occurs, check the device specifications.
 ―If the monitor (when set to HDMI , DisplayPort) is in power saving mode or is displaying the message Check 
Signal Cable, press the  icon to display the On Screen Display (OSD). You can select 1.1 or 1.2↑ .
 ―If you select 1.1, the maximum resolution of your screen drops to 2560 x 1440 due to the limitations in HBR1 
transmission speeds.HDMI  Mode
Select the HDMI mode to use.
 ―The supportable device and resolution may differ depending on its version.
 ―When the version is changed, the screen may blink.
 ―If you set the HDMI Mode  to 1.4, some high resolutions may not be supported because of bandwidth 
limitation of the HDMI 1.4 protocol.
 ―When the setting is not appropriate, a blank screen may appear. In this case, check the specifications of the 
device.
 ―Set the HDMI Mode  to 1.4 when there is no sound output from the DVD connected to our product.
 ―Not available when PBP Mode is set to On .
 ―If the monitor(when set to HDMI ) is in power saving mode or is displaying the message Check Signal Cable , 
press the  icon to display the On Screen Display(OSD). You can select 1.4 or 2.0.
Source  Detection
Select either Auto  or Manual as the method to recognize input signal.
 ―Not available when PBP Mode is set to On .
Key Repeat Time
Control the response rate of a button when the button is pressed.
Acceleration , 1 sec, or 2 sec can be selected. If No Repeat  is selected, a command responds only once 
when a button is pressed.33
Power  LED On
Configure the settings to enable or disable the power LED located at the lower part of the product.
 •Working: The power LED is on when the product is turned on.
 •Stand-by : The power LED is on when the product is turned off.
Reset  All
Return all the settings for the product to the default factory settings.Information
View the current input source, frequency and resolution.
Information
ExitLU********/**
S/N:**************Picture
PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationHDMI
**** x ****
**kHz  **Hz
PBP
ExitInformation
LU********/**
S/N:**************Picture
PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationHDMI
**** x ****
**kHz  **HzDisplayPort
**** x ****
**kHz  **Hz
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.34Installing the SoftwareChapter  08
Easy Setting Box
Easy Setting Box  enables users to use the monitor by partitioning multiple sections.
To install the latest version of Easy Setting Box, download it from the Samsung Electronics website at 
http://www.samsung.com.
 ―The software may not work properly if you do not restart the computer after the installation.
 ―The Easy Setting Box icon may not appear depending on the computer system and the product 
specifications.
 ―If the shortcut icon does not appear, press the F5 key.
Restrictions and Problems with the Installation
The Easy Setting Box installation may be affected by the Graphics Card, Motherboard and the 
Networking Environment.System Requirements
OS Hardware
 •Windows 7 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 8 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 8.1 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 10 32Bit/64Bit •At least 32MB of memory
 •At least 60MB of free space on the hard disk drive35Troubleshooting GuideChapter  09
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung 
Customer Service Center
 ―Before calling Samsung Customer Service Center, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, 
contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Testing the Product
Check if your product is operating normally by using the product test function.
If the screen is turned off and the power indicator blinks even though the product is properly connected 
to a PC, perform a self-diagnosis test.
1 Power off both the PC and product.
2 Disconnect the cables from the product.
3 Power on the product.
4 If the message Check Signal Cable  appears, the product is working normally.
 ―If the screen remains blank, check the PC system, video controller and cable.
Checking the Resolution and Frequency
For a mode that exceeds the supported resolution(refer to Standard Signal Mode Table ), the message 
Not Optimum Mode will appear for a short time.
 ―The displayed resolution may vary, depending on the computer system settings and cables.Check the following.
Installation issue (PC mode)
The screen keeps switching on and off.
Check the cable connection between the product and PC, and ensure the connectors are locked.
Blank spaces are found on all four sides of the screen when an HDMI or HDMI-DVI cable is connected to the product and PC.
The blank spaces found on the screen have nothing to do with the product.
Blank spaces on the screen are caused by the PC or graphics card. To resolve the problem, adjust the 
screen size in the HDMI or DVI settings for the graphics card.
If the graphics card settings menu does not have an option to adjust the screen size, update the 
graphics card driver to the latest version.
(Please contact the graphics card or computer manufacturer for further details about how to adjust 
the screen settings.)
Screen issue
The power LED is off. The screen will not switch on.
Check that the power cable is connected properly.
The message Check Signal  Cable  appears.
Check that the cable is properly connected to the product.
Check that the device connected to the product is powered on.36
Not Optimum Mode  is displayed.
This message appears when the signal from the graphics card exceeds the maximum resolution or 
frequency for the product.
Change the maximum resolution and frequency to suit the product performance, referring to 
Standard Signal Mode Table (P. 39).
The images on the screen look distorted.
Check the cable connection to the product.
The screen is not clear. The screen is blurry.
Remove any accessories (video extension cable, etc.) and try again.
Set the resolution and frequency to the recommended level.
The screen appears unstable and shaky. There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
Check that the resolution and frequency for the PC are within the range of resolution and frequency 
compatible with the product. Next, if required, change the settings, referring to Standard Signal Mode Table (P. 39) in this manual and the Information  menu on the product.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too dark.
Adjust Brightness  and Contrast.
Screen color is inconsistent.
Change the Color settings.
The colors on the screen have a shadow and are distorted.
Change the Color settings.
White does not really look white.
Change the Color settings.
There is no image on the screen and the power LED blinks every 0.5 to 1 second.
The product is operating in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to return to normal operating mode.
Text is blurry.
If using a Windows OS (e.g. Windows 7 , Windows 8, Windows 8.1 or Windows 10): Go to Control Panel → 
Fonts → Adjust ClearType text and change Turn on ClearType .Video playback is choppy.
Playback of high-definition large video files can be choppy. This may be because the video player is 
not optimized for the computer resource. 
Try playing the file on another video player.
Sound issue
There is no sound.
Check the connection of the audio cable or adjust the volume.Check the volume.
The volume is too low.
Adjust the volume.If the volume is still low after turning it up to the maximum level, adjust the volume on your PC sound 
card or software program.
Video is available but there is no sound.
Sound cannot be heard if a HDMI-DVI cable is used to connect the input device.
Connect the device using an HDMI cable or DP cable.
Source device issue
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is booting.
If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is booting, have your PC serviced.37
Q & A
 ―Refer to the user manual for your PC or graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.
How can I change the frequency?
Set the frequency on your graphics card.
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Screen Resolution  → Advanced settings  → Monitor, and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Screen Resolution  → Advanced settings  → Monitor, and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings → System  → Display  → Advanced display settings  → Display adapter properties  → Monitor, and adjust Screen refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
How can I change the resolution?
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Adjust Resolution, and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Adjust Resolution, and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings → System  → Display  → Advanced display settings , and adjust the resolution.
How do I set power-saving mode?
 •Windows 7: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalize  → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Set power-saving mode in Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalize  → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 10: Set power-saving mode in Settings → Personalization → Lock screen → Screen timeout settings  → Power & sleep  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.38SpecificationsChapter  10
General
Model Name U32R590CW* / U32R592CW* / U32R594CW*
Size 32 Class ( 31.5  Inches / 80.0  cm)
Display area 697. 3 1  mm (H) x 392.23  mm (V)
2 7. 5 Inches (H) x 15.4  Inches (V)
Pixel Pitch 0.181 mm (H) x 0.181 mm (V)
0.007126  Inches (H) x 0.007126  Inches (V)
Maximum Pixel Clock 533.25 MHz (DisplayPort)
594.00  MHz (HDMI)
Power Supply AC100-240V~ 50/60HzBased on the AC voltage of the adapter. For the DC voltage of the 
product, refer to the product label.
Signal connectors HDMI, DisplayPort
Environmental conditions Operating
Temperature: 50 °F – 104 °F (10 °C – 40 °C)
Humidity: 10 % – 80 %, non-condensing
Storage
Temperature: -4 °F – 113 °F (-20 °C – 45 °C)Humidity: 5 % – 95 %, non-condensing ―Plug-and-Play
This monitor can be installed and used with any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. Two-way data 
exchange between the monitor and PC system optimizes the monitor settings. Monitor installation takes place automatically. However, you can customize the installation settings if desired.
 ―Panel Dots (Pixels)
Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) may be brighter or darker on the LCD panel. This does not affect product performance.
 ―The above specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 ―This device is a Class B digital apparatus.
 ―For detailed device specifications, visit the Samsung Electronics website.
(USA only)
Dispose unwanted electronics through an approved recycler.To find the nearest recycling location, go to our website:www.samsung.com/recyclingdirect or call, 1-800-SAMSUNG39
Standard Signal Mode Table
Model Name U32R590CW* / U32R592CW* / U32R594CW*
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30 – 135 kHz
Vertical Frequency 56 – 75 Hz (DisplayPort)
24 – 75 Hz (HDMI)
Resolution Optimum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI)
Maximum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI)
If a signal that belongs to the following standard signal modes is transmitted from your PC, the screen will automatically be adjusted. If the signal transmitted from the PC does not belong to the standard signal 
modes, the screen may be blank even though the power LED turns on. In such a case, change the settings according to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manual.
Displayport
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 37 .879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57 .284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67 .500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+40
Displayport
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67 .500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-
HDMI
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37 .879 60.317 40.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57 .284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67 .500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+41
HDMI
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67 .500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
CEA, 3840 x 2160 67 .500 30.000 297.000 +/+
CEA, 3840 x 2160 135.000 60.000 594.000 +/+
 ―Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is measured in 
kHz.
 ―Vertical Frequency
Repeating the same picture dozens of times per second allows you to view natural pictures. The repeat frequency is called "vertical frequency" or "refresh rate" and is indicated in Hz.
 ―This product can be set to only one resolution for each screen size to obtain the optimum picture quality due to the nature of the panel. Using a resolution other than the specified resolution may degrade the picture quality. 
To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum resolution specified for your product.
 ―Some resolutions listed in the table above may not be available depending on graphics card specifications.42AppendixChapter  11
Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to 
Customers)
 ―When the service is requested, in spite of in warranty, we may charge you for a visit from a service 
technician in the following cases.
Not a product defect
Cleaning of the product, Adjustment, Explanation, Re-installation and etc.
 •If a service technician gives instructions on how to use product or simply adjusts options without 
disassembling product.
 •If a defect is caused by external environmental factors (Internet, Antenna, Wired Signal, etc.)
 •If a product is reinstalled or devices are connected additionally after installing the purchased product for the first time.
 •If a product is reinstalled to move to a different spot or to move to a different house.
 •If customer requests instructions on how to use because of another company's product.
 •If customer requests instructions on how to use the network or another company's Program.
 •If customer requests software installation and setup for the product.
 •If a service technician removes/cleans dusts or foreign materials inside of the product.
 •If customer requests an installation additionally after purchasing a product through home-shopping or online.A Product damage caused by customer's fault
Product damage caused by customer's mishandling or wrong repair
If a product damage is caused by;
 •External impact or drop.
 •Use of supplies or separatly sold product unspecified by Samsung.
 •Repair from a person besides an engineer of outsourcing service company or partner of Samsung 
Electronics Co., Ltd.
 •Remodeling or repairing the product by customer.
 •Using it with incorrect voltage or non-authorised electrical connections.
 •Not following the "cautions" in User Manual.
Others
 •If product fails by natural disaster. (lightning, fire, earthquake, flood damage, etc)
 •If consumable components are all used up. (Battery, Toner, Fluorescent lights, Head, Vibrator, Lamp, Filter, Ribbon, etc.)
 ―If customer requests a service in case the product has no defect, service fee may be charged. So please 
read User Manual first.User Manual
ME40A ME46A ME55A
 DE40A DE46A DE55A
UE46A UE55A
The color and the appearance may differ depending on
the product, and the speci fications are subject to
change without prior notice to improve the performance.
BN46-00098B-06Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2 Before Using the Product Before Using the Product
Copyright
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 2011 Samsung Electronics
Samsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.
Use or reproduction of this manual in  parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is 
prohibited.The SAMSUNG and SyncMaster logos are registered trademarks of Samsung Electronics.
Microsoft, Windows and Windows NT are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.VESA, DPM and DDC are registered trademarks of the Video Electronics Standards Association.
Ownership of all other trademarks is attributed to their due owner.
An administration fee may be charged if either
(a) an engineer is called out at your request and there is no defect in the product
(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
(b) you bring the unit to a repair center and there is no defect in the product (i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
The amount of such admini stration charge will be advised to yo u before any work or home visit is 
carried out.bDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductCleaning
Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched. 
Take the following steps when cleaning. 
 
The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
 
Storage 
High-glossy models can develo p white stains on the surface if an ultrasonic wave humidifier is used 
nearby.
 
Contact Customer Service Center if the inside of  the product needs cleaning (service fee will be 
charged).
 1. Power off the product and computer.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the product.
 
Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet 
hands. Otherwise, an electric shock may result.
 
3. Wipe the product with a clean, soft and dry cloth.
Do not use detergents that contain alcohol, solvent or 
surface-active agents.
Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4. Wet a soft and dry cloth in water and wring thoroughly to clean the exterior 
of the product.
5. Connect the power cord to the product when cleaning is finished.
6. Power on the product and computer.!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductSafety Precautions
SymbolsCaution
RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN
Caution : TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELEC TRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER (OR 
BACK). 
THERE ARE NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER ALL SERVICING TO QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
This symbol indicates that high voltage is present inside. It is dangerous to make any kind of contact with any internal part of this 
product.
This symbol alerts you that important literature concerning operation and 
maintenance has been included with this product.
 Warning A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
 CautionPersonal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are not followed.
Activities marked by this symbol are prohibited.
Instructions marked by this symbol must be followed.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  5Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductElectricity and Safety
 
The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
 
 Warning
Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not use multiple products with a single power socket.
Overheated power sockets may cause a fire.
Do not touch the power plug with wet hands. Otherwise, an electric shock may 
result.
Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
An unsecure connection may cause a fire.
Connect the power plug to a grounded power socket (type 1 insulated devices 
only). 
An electric shock or injury may result.
Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Be careful not to leave the power cord under a heavy object.
Damage to the cord may result in a fire or electric shock.
Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources. 
A fire or electric shock may result.
Clean any dust around the pins of the power plug or the power socket with a dry 
cloth.
A fire may result.!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product Caution
Installation 
 WarningDo not disconnect the power cord while the product is being used.
The product may become damaged by an electric shock.
Only use the power cord provided with your product by Samsung. Do not use the 
power cord with other products. 
A fire or electric shock may result. 
Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed. 
The power cord must be disconnected to cut off power to the product when 
an issue occurs. 
Note that the product is not completely powered down by using only the power button on the remote. 
Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket. 
An electric shock or fire may result. 
DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT RE PELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP 
OF THE PRODUCT. DO NOT INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
A fire may result.
Have a technician install the wall-mount hanger.
Installation by an unqualified person can result in an injury. 
Only use approved cabinets.
Do not install the product in poorly ventilated spaces such as a bookcase or 
closet.
An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.
Install the product at least 10cm away from the wall to allow ventilation.
An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.!
!
!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  7Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product CautionKeep the plastic packaging out of the reach of children.
Children may suffocate.
Do not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, 
sloped surface, etc.)
The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the product 
or cause a fire.
Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water 
drips, etc.), oil, or smoke. 
A fire or electric shock may result.
Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a stove.
The product lifespan may be reduced or a fire may result.
Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
The product may fall and injure children. 
As the front is heavy, install the product on a flat and stable surface. 
Edible oil, such as soybean oil, can dama ge or deform the product. Do not install 
the product in a kitchen or near a kitchen counter.
Do not drop the product while moving. 
Product failure or person al injury may result. 
Do not set down the product on its front.
The screen may become damaged.
When installing the pr oduct on a cabi net or shelf, make sure that the bottom 
edge of the front of the product is not protruding.
The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
Install the product only  on cabinets or shelves of the right size.!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductOperation
 WarningSet down the product gently 
Product failure or person al injury may result. 
Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine 
particles, chemical substances or extreme temperatures, or an airport or train station where the product should operate continuously for an extended period of 
time) may seriously affect its performance.
Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Center if you want to install 
the product at such a place.
There is a high voltage inside the product. Never disassemble, repair or modify 
the product yourself.
A fire or electric shock may result.
Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for repairs.
Before moving the product, turn off the power switch and disconnect the power 
cord, antenna cable and all other connected cables.
Damage to the cord may result in a fire or electric shock.
If the product generates abnormal sounds, a burning smell or smoke, disconnect the power cord immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
An electric shock or fire may result. 
Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
Children may become injured or seriously harmed.
If the product is dropped or the outer case is damaged, turn off the power switch 
and disconnect the power cord. Then contact Samsung Customer Service 
Center.
Continued use can result in a fire or electric shock.
Do not leave heavy objects or items that children like (toys, sweets, etc.) on top of the product.
The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toys or 
sweets resulting in a serious injury.!
SAMSUNG
!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  9Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductDuring a lightning or thunderstorm, remove the power cord and do not touch the 
antenna cable.
A fire or electric shock may result.
Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
A fire or electric shock may result.
Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result from a damaged cable.
If a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, ventilate 
the area immediately.
Sparks can cause an explosion or fire.
Never touch the power cord or antenna cable when thunder or lightning is 
present.
Do not lift or move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result from a damaged cable.
Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near the 
product.
An explosion or fire may result.
Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.!
!
!GAS
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product CautionDo not insert metallic objects (chopsticks, coins, hairpins, etc) or objects that 
burn easily (paper, matches, etc) into the product (via the vent or input/output 
ports, etc). 
Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water 
or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result.
Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic 
objects on top of the product.
Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water 
or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result.
Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time 
may cause afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
Activate power-saving mode or a moving -picture screen saver if you will not 
be using the product for an extended period of time.
Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the product for an extended period of time (vacation, etc).
Dust accumulation combined with heat can cause a fire, electric shock or 
electric leakage.
Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
Your eyesight may deteriorate.
Do not hold the product upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
The product may fall and become damaged or cause an injury.
Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can deteriorate 
your eyesight.100
!
!
-_-
!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  11Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductDo not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
A fire or electric shock may result.
Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes for every 1 hour of product use.
Eye fatigue will be relieved.
Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an extended 
period of time as it will become hot.
Store small accessories out of the reach of children.
Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle or stand height.
Your hand or finger may get stuck and injured.
Tilting the product at an excessive angle may cause the product to fall and 
an injury may result.
Do not place heavy objects on the product.
Product failure or person al injury may result.!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents 12Table Of Contents
BEFORE USING THE
PRODUCT2 Copyright
3 Cleaning
3S t o r a g e  
4 Safety Precautions
4S y m b o l s
5 Electricity and Safety
6 Installation 
8O p e r a t i o n
PREPARATIONS 21 Checking the Contents
21 Removing the Packaging
22 Checking the Components
24 Parts
24 Control Panel
25 Reverse Side27 Anti-theft Lock
28 Remote Control
31 Before Installing th e Product (Installation 
Guide)
31 Tilting Angle and Rotation
32 Ventilation34 Dimensions
35 Installing the Wall Mount
35 Preparing before installing Wall-Mount35 Installing the Wall Mount Kit
35 Wall Mount Kit Specifications (VESA)
37 Remote Control (RS232C)
37 Cable Connection
39 Control Codes
CONNECTING AND USING
A SOURCE DEVICE50 Before Connecting
50 Pre-connection CheckpointsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 1351 Connecting and Using a PC
51 Connecting to a PC
54 Changing the Resolution
56 Connecting to a Video Device
56 Connection Using the AV Cable56 Connection Using the component Cable
57 Connection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable
58 Connection Using an HDMI Cable59 Connecting an External Monitor
59 Connecting to an Audio System
60 Changing the Input source
60 Source
61 Connecting the network box
61 MagicInfo
USING MDC 65 Configuring Settings  for Multi Control
65 Configuring settings for Multi Control
65 Communicate with MDC via the RS232C-
stereo cable
66 Communicate with LAN cable
66 Communicate with Stereo cable via the 
LAN cable
67 MDC Program Insta llation/Uninstallation
67 Installation
67 UninstallationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 1468 What is MDC?
68 Connecting to MDC
69 Connection Management70 Auto Set ID
71 Cloning72 Command Retry73 Getting Started with MDC
75 Main Screen Layout
76 Menus78 Screen Adjustment
82 Sound Adjustment
83 System Setup91 Tool Settings
93 Other Functions
98 Troubleshooting Guide
SCREEN ADJUSTMENT 100 Picture Mode
100 If the input source is PC , DVI or DP
100 If the input source is AV , Component , HDMI
101 Backlight / Contra st / Brightness / 
Sharpness / Colo(u)r / Tint(G/R)
101 Screen Adjustment
102 Picture Size
102 Position
103 PC Screen Adjustment
103 Resolution Select
103 Auto Adjustment
104 Using the 3D function (UE46A & UE55A 
models only)
104 3D Mode
104 Viewing product Using the 3D functionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 15107 Advanced Settings
107 Black Tone
108 Dynamic Contrast
108 Shadow Detail
108 Gamma
108 Expert Pattern
108 RGB Only Mode
108 Colo(u)r Space
109 White Balance
109 10p White Balance (Off  / On)
109 Flesh Tone
109 Edge Enhancement ( Off / On)
109 Motion Lighting  (Off / On)
109 LED Motion Plus  (Off / On )
110 Picture Options
110 Colo(u)r Tone
110 Colo(u)r Temp.
110 Digital Noise Filter
111 MPEG Noise Filter
111 HDMI Black Level
111 Film Mode
111 Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus )
112 Reset Picture 
SOUND ADJUSTMENT 113 Sound Mode 
113 Sound Effect114 3D Audio (UE46A & UE55A models only)
114 3D Audio  (Off / Low  / Medium  / High )
114 Speaker Settings115 Reset Sound
MEDIA 116 MagicInfo Lite
116 MagicInfo Lite Player GuideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 16117 Videos
117 Playing a Video
121 Photos
121 Viewing a Photo (or Slide Show)
122 Music
122 Playing Music
124 Videos / Photos / Music - Additional 
Functions
124 Sorting the file lists
125 Videos /Photos /Music  Play Option menu
127 Source
127 Source
127 Edit Name
128 Information
128 Refresh
129 AllShare
NETWORK 130 Network Settings
130 Connecting to a Wired Network
131 Wired Network Settings
133 Connecting to a Wireless Network134 Wireless Network Setting
136 WPS(PBC)
136 One Foot Connection
137 Ad Hoc Network Setup
138 Network Status
138 AllShare Settings
138 Media
139 MagicInfo Lite Settings
SYSTEM 141 Multi Control
141 Configuring settings for Multi ControlDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 17142 Time
142 Clock set
142 Sleep Timer
142 On Timer
143 Off Timer
143 Holiday Management
144 Menu Language
145 Eco Solution
145 Energy Saving
145 Eco Sensor  (Off / On)
146 No Signal Power Off
146 Auto Power Off  (Off / On)
146 Security
146 Safety Lock  (Off / On)
146 Button Lock  (Off / On)
147 Change PIN
147 PIP148 Auto Protection Time149 Screen Burn Protection
149 Pixel Shift
149 Timer
150 Pixel
150 Side Gray
151 Video Wall
151 Video Wall
151 Format
151 Horizontal
152 Vertical
152 Screen Position
153 Source AutoSwitch SettingsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 18154 General
154 Max. Power Saving
154 Game Mode
155 BD Wise
155 Auto Power
155 Standby Control
155 Lamp Schedule
155 OSD Display
156 Power On Adjustment
156 Temperature Control
156 Device Name
157 Anynet+(HDMI-CEC)
157 Anynet+(HDMI-CEC)
158 Auto Turn Off
160 Receiver
161 DivX® Video On Demand
161 Network Remote Control161 Reset System161 Reset All
SUPPORT 162 Software Upgrade
162 By USB
162 Alternative Software
163 Contact Samsung
MAGICINFO LITE 164 File Formats Compat ible with MagicInfo 
Lite Player
164 Video / Audio
168 Network Schedule
168 Connecting to a server
169 MagicInfo Lite  Settings
169 Approving a connected device from the server173 Setting the current timeDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 19174 Local Schedule
174 Local Schedule Manager
174 Registering a Local Schedule
177 Modifying a local schedule Local Schedule
178 Deleting a local schedule Local Schedule
180 Running a local schedule Local Schedule
181 Stopping a local schedule Local Schedule
182 Viewing the details of a local schedule Local 
Schedule
183 Contents Manager
183 Copying content
184 Deleting content
185 Internal AutoPlay
185 Running Internal AutoPlay
185 USB AutoPlay
185 Running Internal AutoPlay
186 When Content is Running
186 Viewing the details of the content that is running
187 Changing the settings for the content that is 
running
TROUBLESHOOTING
GUIDE188 Requirements Before Contacting 
Samsung Customer Service Center
188 Testing the Product188 Checking the Resolution and Frequency
189 Check the followings.
192 Q & A
SPECIFICATIONS 194 General
196 PowerSaver197 Preset Timing Modes199 LicenseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 20APPENDIX 200 Contact SAMSUNG WORLDWIDE
206 Optimum Picture Qu ality and Afterimage 
Burn-in Prevention
206 Optimum Picture Quality
207 Prevention of Afterimage Burn-in
210 Correct Disposal of This Product (Waste 
Electrical & Electronic Equipment) - 
Europe only
210 Correct disposal of  batteries in this 
product - Europe only
211 Terminology
INDEXDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  211 Preparations1 Preparations
1.1 Checking the Contents
1.1.1 Removing the Packaging
1Remove the black locking device at the bottom of the box.
2Using the grooves in the box, lift and remove the top of the box.
3Check the components and remove the styrofoam and plastic bag.
 
The appearance of actual components may differ from the image shown.
 
 
This image is for reference only.
 
4Store the box in a dry area so that it can be used when moving the product in the future.
3 2 1
POWEROFF
SOURCE
GUIDE
INFO
EXIT
RETURNTOOLSMENU
TTX/MIX
MagicInfo
AA59-00539AMTS/DUAL123
456
789
-0PRE-CH.QZABCDEF
GHIJKLMNO
PRSTUVWXY
SYMBOLENTER
DEL -/-- MUTE
VOLCH/P
MagicInfo
AUTOLOCK
MDCI-II
PCDP
DVIHDMI
ABCDLiteCH LISTDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22Preparations1
1 Preparations1.1.2 Checking the Components
 
 Contact the vendor where you purchased the product if any components are missing.
 The appearance of the components and items sold  separately may differ from the image shown.
 
Components
 
Components may differ in different locations.
 
 
The RS232C adapter can be used to connect to another monitor using the D-SUB (9-pin) type RS232C 
cable. Ensure you connect each of the adapters to the correct RS232C IN or OUT port on the product.Quick setup guide Warranty card
(Not available in all locations)User manual
MagicInfo Lite Edition 
Software CDCleaning cloth Power cord
Remote Control
(AA59-00555A)Batteries
(Not available in all locations)D-SUB cable
RS232C(IN) Adapter RS232C(OUT)  Adapter AV/Component Adapter
Holder-Ring (4EA) 
(BN61-07295A)Holder-Wire stand 
(BN61-05491A)POWEROFF
SOURCE
GUIDE
INFO
EXIT
RETURNTOOLSMENU
TTX/MIX
MagicInfo
AA59-00539AMTS/DUAL123
456
789
-0PRE-CH.QZABCDEF
GHIJKLMNO
PRSTUVWXY
SYMBOLENTER
DEL -/-- MUTE
VOLCH/P
MagicInfo
AUTOLOCK
MDCI-II
PCDP
DVIHDMI
ABCDLiteCH LIST 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  23Preparations1
1 Preparations 
Items sold separately
 
 The stand is not supplied.
 The following items can be purchased at your nearest retailer.
 
Wall-mount KIT RS232C stereo cable DVI cable
HDMI-DVI Cable HDMI cable DP cable
RCA stereo cable Video cable LAN cable
Stereo cable Component cable RCA cableDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2 Parts
1.2.1 Control Panel
 
 The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change 
without notice to improve quality.
 Keep the area between the remote sensor and remote control obstacle-free. 
 
Sensor Description
Selects the input source that an external device is connected to.
Opens the on-screen menu and exits from the menu. Also use to exit the 
OSD menu or return to the previous menu.
Moves from one menu item to another horizontally or adjusts selected 
menu values. Adjusts the audio volume. This multi-functional button 
offers the following two functions. 
Moves from one menu item to another vertically or adjusts selected 
menu values. This multi-functional button offers the following two 
functions.MENUSOURCE
+
-POWER
POWER
SOURCE
MENU
+
-Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  25Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2.2 Reverse Side
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change 
without notice to improve quality.
 Use this button for turning the Display on and off.
Remote sensorReceives signals from the remote
To control the remote control in front of the product, lower the remote 
control sensor in the direction of the arrow (indicated in the zoomed-in 
image on the previous page).
 
Keep the area between the remote sensor and remote control 
obstacle-free.
 
Port Description
[IR / AMBIENT SENSOR IN]Supplies power to the external sensor board or receives the light 
sensor signal.
[IR OUT]Receives the remote control signal via the external sensor board and 
outputs the signal via LOOPOUT.
[AUDIO OUT] Connects to the audio of a source device.Sensor Description
IR /
AMBIENT
SENSOR IN
IR OUT
AUDIO
OUT
RGB / DVI /
DP / HDMI
AUDIO IN
USB
DP IN
HDMI IN
DVI OUT
(LOOPOUT)DVI IN RGB IN RJ45RS232C
IN      OUTPOWER
POWERDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26Preparations1
1 Preparations[RGB / DVI / DP / HDMI 
AUDIO IN]Receives sound from a PC via an audio cable.
[USB]Connect to a USB memory device.
[AV IN / COMPONENT IN] Connects to a source device using the AV/component adapter.
[DP IN] Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
[HDMI IN] Connects to a source device using an HDMI cable.
[DVI OUT (LOOPOUT)] Connects to another product using a DVI cable.
[DVI IN] Connects to a source device using a DVI cable or HDMI-DVI cable.
[RGB IN] Connects to a source device using a D-SUB cable.
[RS232C IN/OUT] Connects to MDC using an RS232C-stereo cable.
[RJ45] Connects to MDC using a LAN cable.Port DescriptionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  27Preparations1
1 PreparationsAssembling the Holder-Wire stand
* Stand : Sold separately 
1.2.3 Anti-theft Lock
 
 An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places. 
 The locking device shape and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user 
guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 
To lock an anti-theft locking device:
1Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object 
such as a desk.
2Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4Lock the locking device.
An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
Anti-theft locking devices can be purchased at electronics retailers or online.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2.4 Remote Control
 
 Using other display devices in the same space as the remote control of this product can cause the 
other display devices to be inadvertently controlled.
 Remote control button functions may differ for different products.
 This is a special remote control for the visually impaired persons and has Braille points on the Power , Channel  and Volume  buttons.
 
Not available.Power off the product.
Return to the previous channel.
Return to the previous menu.Not available.Change the input source.
Display or hide the onscreen display 
menu, or return to the previous menu.
Move to the upper, lower, left or right 
menu, or adjust an option's setting. Confirm a menu selection.Mute the sound.
Unmuting the sound: Press MUTE again or 
press the volume control (+  VOL  -) button.
 Adjust the volume.
Display information about the current input source.
Exit the current menu.
Not available.
Turns the 3D image on or off.
Use these buttons in Videos, 
Photos, Music and Anynet+ modes.Quickly select frequently used functions.OFFPOWER OFF
SOURCE
GUIDE
INFO
EXIT RETURNTOOLSMENU
TTX/MIX
MagicInfo
AA59-00555AMTS/DUAL1 23
456
789
- 0PRE-CH.QZ ABC DEF
GHI JKL MNOPRS TUV WXY
SYMBOL ENTER DEL -/--
MUTE
VOL CH/P
MagicInfo
3DLOCK MDC
I-IIPC DP DVI HDMI
A B C DLiteCH LISTPower on the product.
Not available.
Not available.
Not available. MDC Quick Launch Button.
MagicInfo Quick Launch Button. 
This button is disabled for products 
that do not support MagicInfo.
MagicInfo can only be enabled 
when a network box is connected.You can select the PC, DVI, HDMI
or DisplayPort external input directly.MagicInfo Lite Launch Button.
It sets safe lock function.Number buttons
Enter the password in the OSD menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  29Preparations1
1 PreparationsAdjusting the OSD with the Remote Control
To place batteries in the remote control1. Open the OSD menu.
2. Select from Picture , Sound , Media , Network , System  or Support  
in the displayed OSD menu screen.
3. Change settings as desired.
4. Finish setting.
5. Close the onscreen display (OSD) menu.MENU
EXITDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30Preparations1
1 PreparationsRemote Control Reception Range
Use the remote control within 7m to 10m from the sensor on the product at an angle of 30  from the left 
and right.
 
 Store used batteries out of reach of children and recycle.
 Do not use a new and used battery together . Replace both batteries at the same time.
 Remove batteries when the remote control is not to be used for an extended period of time.
 
7m ~ 10m/g22/g19/g219/g22/g19/g219
OFFDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  31Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3 Before Installing the Product (Installation Guide)
 
To prevent injury, this apparatus must be securely attached to the floor/wall in accordance with the 
installation instructions.
 Ensure that an authorized installa tion company installs the wall mount.
 Otherwise, it may fall and cause personal injury.
 Make sure to install the specified wall mount.
 
1.3.1 Tilting Angl e and Rotation
 
Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for further details.
 
AThe product can be tilted at a maximum angle of 15  from a perpendicular wall surface.
BTo use the product vertically (portrait), turn it clockwise so that the LED is pointing down.
 15 /g219Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.2 Ventilation
1. Installation on a Perpendicular Wall
Figure 1.1  Side viewAMinimum 40 mm
BAmbient temperature: Under 35 C
 
When installing the product on a perpendicular wall, allow 
at least 40mm of space between the product and wall surface for ventilation and ensure that the ambient temperature is kept below 35 C.
A
BDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  33Preparations1
1 Preparations2. Installation on an Indented Wall
 
Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for further details.
 
 
When installing the product on an indented wall, al low at least the space specified above between the 
product and wall for ventilation and ensure th at the ambient temperature is kept below 35 C.
 
3. Installation in an Indented Floor
 
Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for further details.
 
 
When installing the product in an indented floor, allow at least 50mm of space between the product and 
floor surface for ventilation and ensure that the ambient temperature is kept below 20 C.
 Figure 1.2  Side viewPlane view
AMinimum 40 mm
BMinimum 70 mm
CMinimum 50 mm
DMinimum 50 mm
EAmbient temperature: Under 35 C
 
Figure 1.3  Side viewAMinimum 50 mm
BAmbient temperature: Under 
20 C
 AB
C
EDD
ABDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.3 Dimensions
(Unit: mm)
 
All drawings are not necessarily to scale. Some dimensions are subject to change without prior notice. 
Refer to the dimensions prior to performing installation of your product. Not responsible for 
typographical or printed errors.
 Model nameSET - Dimension (W x D x H) [mm]
Without STAND
ME40A / DE40A 920.0 885.6 498.2 534.5 29.9
ME46A / DE46A 1055.2 1018.0 572.6 610.8 29.9 
ME55A / DE55A 1246.4 1209.6 680.4 718.2 29.9 
UE46A 1030.4 1020.1 574.6 585.0 29.9 
UE55A 1221.8 1211.6 682.4 692.7 29.9 5 1
2
34
1 2 3 4 5Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  35Preparations1
1 Preparations1.4 Installing the Wall Mount
1.4.1 Preparing before installing Wall-Mount
1.4.2 Installing the Wall Mount Kit
The wall mount kit (sold separately) allows you to mount the product on the wall.
For detailed informatio n on installing the wall moun t, see the instructions prov ided with the wall mount. 
We recommend you contact a tech nician for assistance when installing the wall mount bracket. 
Samsung Electronics is not responsible for any damage to the product or injury to yourself or others if 
you elect to install the wall mount on your own.
1.4.3 Wall Mount Kit Specifications (VESA)
 
Install your wall mount on a solid wall perpendicular to the floor. Before attaching the wall mount to 
surfaces other than plaster board, please contact your nearest dealer for additional information. If you 
install the product on a ceiling or slanted wall, it may fall and result in severe personal injury.
 To install a wall-mount from another manufacturer, use the 
Holder-Ring.
1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36Preparations1
1 Preparations 
Do not install your Wall Mount Kit while your product is turned on. It may result in personal injury due to 
electric shock.
  
 Standard dimensions for wall mount kits are shown in the 
table below.
 Samsung wall mount kits contain a detailed installation manual and all parts necessary for assembly are provided.
 Do not use screws that do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications.
 Do not use screws that are longer than the standard length or do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications. Screws that are too long may cause damage to the inside of the product.
 For wall mounts that do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications, the length of the screws may differ depending on the wall mount specifications.
 Do not fasten the screws too firmly. This may damage the product or cause the product to fall, leading to personal injury. Samsung is not liable for these kinds of accidents.
 Samsung is not liable for product damage or personal injury when a non-VESA or non-specified wall mount is used or the consumer fails to follow the product installation instructions.
 Do not mount the product at more than a 15 degree tilt.
 Always have two people mount the product on a wall.
 
Product size in inchesVESA screw hole 
specs (A * B) in 
millimetersStandard 
ScrewQuantity
32~40 ME40A DE40A 200 X 200
M8 4
46~55ME46A ME55A
DE46A DE55A
UE46A UE55A400 X 400Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  37Preparations1
1 Preparations1.5 Remote Control (RS232C)
1.5.1 Cable Connection
Pin assignmentInterface RS232C (9 pins)
Pin TxD (No. 2), RxD (No. 3), GND (No. 5)
Bit rate 9600 bps
Data bits 8 bit
Parity None
Stop bit 1 bit
Flow control None
Maximum length 15m (only shielded type)
Pin Signal
1 Detect data carrier
2 Received data3 Transmitted data
4 Prepare data terminal
5 Signal ground6 Prepare data set 
7 Send request
8 Clear to send9 Ring indicator12345
6789Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38Preparations1
1 PreparationsRS232C cable
Connector: 9-Pin D-Sub to Stereo Cable
Connection-P1- -P1- -P2- -P2-
FemaleRx
Tx
Gnd235--------><--------
---------123Tx
Rx
GndSTEREO 
PLUG
(3.5ø)15 9
6-P2-
STEREO PLUG
(3.5ø)
1
RS232C
IN OUTRS232C
IN OUTRS232C
IN OUTRS232C
IN OUTDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  39Preparations1
1 Preparations1.5.2 Control Codes
Viewing control state (Get control command)
Controlling (Set control command)
Command
Issued IDs can be displayed in hexadecimals. However, ID 0 must be displayed as 0xFF.
All communications take place in hexadecimals. The checksum is calculated by adding up all values 
except the header. If a checksum adds up to be more than 2 digits as shown below (11+FF+01+01=112), the first digit is removed.
E.g. Power On & ID=0 Header Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAACommand 
type0
Header Command
IDData length Data
Checksum
0xAACommand 
type1V a l u e
No. Command type Command Value range
1 Power control 0x11 0~1
2 Volume control 0x12 0~100
3 Input source control 0x14 -
4 Screen mode control 0x18 -
5 Screen size control 0x19 0~255
6 PIP on/off control 0x3C 0~17 Auto adjustment control 0x3D 0
8 Video wall mode control 0x5C 0~1
9 Safety Lock 0x5D 0~1
Header Command
IDData length Data 1
Checksum
0xAA 0x11 1 "Power"
Header Command
IDData length Data 1
12
0xAA 0x11 1 1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40Preparations1
1 PreparationsTo control all devices connected by a serial cable simultaneously irrespective of IDs, set the ID as 
"0xFE" and transmit commands. Commands will be executed by each device but ACK will not respond.
Power control
Function
A product can be powered on and off using a PC.
Viewing power state (Get Power ON / OFF Status)
Setting power ON/Off (Set Power ON / OFF) 
"Power": Power code to be set on a product
1 : Power ON
0 : Power OFF
Ack
"Power": Power code to be set on a product
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeader Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAA 0x11 0
Header Command
IDData length Data
Checksum
0xAA 0x11 1 "Power"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x11 "Power"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x11 "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  41Preparations1
1 PreparationsVolume control
Function 
The volume of a product can be adjusted using a PC.
Viewing volume state (Get Volume Status)
Setting the volume (Set Volume)
"Volume": Volume value code to be set on a product (0-100)
Ack
"Volume": Volume value code to be set on a product (0-100)
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeader Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAA 0x12 0
Header Command
IDData length Data
Checksum
0xAA 0x12 1 "Volume"
HeaderComma
nd
IDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1
Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x12"Volume
"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x12 "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42Preparations1
1 PreparationsInput source control
Function
The input source of a product can be changed using a PC.
Viewing input source state (Get Input Source Status)
Setting the input source (Set Input Source)
"Input Source": An input source code to be set on a product
 
 DVI_video, HDMI1_PC and HDMI2_PC cannot be used with the Set command. They only 
respond to "Get" commands.
 This model does not support BNC, S-Video, HDMI2 and HDMI2_PC ports.
 MagicInfo  is only available with models that contain the MagicInfo function.
 
AckHeader Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAA 0x14 0
Header Command
IDData length Data
Checksum
0xAA 0x14 1"Input 
Source"
0x14 PC
0x1E BNC
0x18 DVI
0x0C Input source
0x04 S-video
0x08 Component
0x20 MagicInfo
0x1F DVI_video
0x30 RF (TV)0x40 DTV0x21 HDMI1
0x22 HDMI1_PC
0x23 HDMI20x24 HDMI2_PC
0x25 Display PortDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  43Preparations1
1 Preparations"Input Source": An input source code to be set on a product
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeaderComma
nd
IDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1
Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x14"Input 
Source"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x14 "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44Preparations1
1 PreparationsScreen
Function 
The screen mode of a product can be changed using a PC.
Screen mode cannot be controlled when the Video Wall  function is enabled.
 
This control can only be used on models that include a product.
 
Viewing screen status (Get Screen Mode Status)
Setting the picture size (Set Picture Size)
"Screen Mode": A code that sets the product status 
Ack
"Screen Mode": A code that sets the product status 
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeader Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAA 0x18 0
Header Command
IDData length Data
Checksum
0xAA 0x18 1"Screen 
Mode"
0x01 16 : 9
0x04 Zoom0x31 Wide Zoom
0x0B 4 : 3
HeaderComma
nd
IDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1
Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x18"Screen 
Mode"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x18 "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  45Preparations1
1 PreparationsScreen size control
Function 
The screen size of a product can be changed using a PC.
Viewing the screen size (Get Screen Size Status)
Ack
"Screen Size": Product screen size (range: 0 – 255, unit: inch)
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeader Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAA 0x19 0
HeaderComma
nd
IDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1
Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x19"Screen 
Size"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x19 "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46Preparations1
1 PreparationsPIP On/Off control
Function
The PIP mode of a product can be turned on or off using a PC.
 
 Only available on models that have the PIP function
 The mode cannot be controlled if Video Wall  is set to On .
 This function is not available in MagicInfo.
 
Viewing PIP on/off state (Get  the PIP ON / OFF Status)
Setting PIP on/off (Set the PIP ON / OFF)
"PIP": A code used to turn the PIP mode of a product on or off
1 : PIP ON
0 : PIP OFF
Ack
"PIP": A code used to turn the PIP mode of a product on or off
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeader Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAA 0x3C 0
Header Command
IDData length Data
Checksum
0xAA 0x3C 1 "PIP"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x3C "PIP"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x3C "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  47Preparations1
1 PreparationsAuto adjustment control (PC and BNC only)
Function 
Automatically adjust the PC system screen using a PC.
Viewing auto adjustment state (Get Auto Adjustment Status)
Setting auto adjustment (Set Auto Adjustment)
"Auto Adjustment" : 0x00 (at all times)
Ack
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeader Command
IDData length Data
Checksum
0xAA 0x3D 1"Auto 
Adjustment"
HeaderComma
nd
IDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1
Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x3D"Auto 
Adjustment"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x3D "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48Preparations1
1 PreparationsVideo Wall Mode Control
Function
Video Wall  Mode can be activated on a product using a PC.
This control is only available on a product whose Video Wall  is enabled.
This function is not av ailable in MagicInfo.
Viewing video wall mode (Get Video Wall Mode)
Setting the video wall (Set Video Wall Mode)
"Video Wall Mode": A code used to activate Video Wall mode on a product
1 : Full
0 : Natural
Ack
"Video Wall Mode": A code used to activate Video Wall mode on a product
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeader Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAA 0x5C 0
Header Command
IDData length Data
Checksum
0xAA 0x5C 1"Video Wall 
Mode"
HeaderComma
nd
IDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1
Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x5C"Video Wall 
Mode"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x5C "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  49Preparations1
1 PreparationsSafety Lock
Function 
PC can be used to turn the Safety Lock function on or off on a product.
This control is available regardless of whether or not the power is turned on.
Viewing the safety lock state (Get Safety Lock Status)
Enabling or disabling safety lock (S et Safety Lock Enable / Disable)
"Safety Lock": Safety lock code to be set on a product1 : ON0 : OFF
Ack
"Safety Lock": Safety lock code to be set on a product
Nak
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurredHeader Command
IDData length
Checksum
0xAA 0x5D 0
Header Command
IDData length Data
Checksu
m0xAA 0x5D 1"Safety 
Lock"
HeaderComma
nd
IDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1
Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘A’ 0x5D"Safety 
Lock"
HeaderComma
ndIDData length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1Checksu
m
0xAA 0xFF 3 ‘N’ 0x5D "ERR"Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  502 Connecting and Using a Source Device2 Connecting and Using a Source Device
2.1 Before Connecting
Check the following before you connect this product with other devices. Devices that can be connected 
to this product include PCs, camcorders, speakers, set top boxes and DVD/Blu-ray Disc players.
2.1.1 Pre-connection Checkpoints
Before connecting a source device, read the user manual provided with it. The number and locations 
of ports on source devices may differ from device to device.
Do not connect the power cable until all connections are completed. Connecting the power cable during connection may damage the product.
Connect the sound ports correctly: left = white and right = red.
Check the types of ports at the back of the product you want to connect.AudioDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  51Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2 Connecting and Using a PC
2.2.1 Connecting to a PC
A PC can be connected to the product in a variety of ways.
Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
After connecting the PC, connect the power cable.
 
Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 
Connection using the D-SUB cable (Analog type)
Connection using a DVI cable (Digital type)
 
The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
 RGB IN
RGB / DVI / DP /
 HDMI AUDIO IN
DVI IN
RGB / DVI / DP /
 HDMI AUDIO INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source DeviceConnection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable
 
When you connect a PC to the product using an HDMI-DVI cable, set Edit Name  to DVI PC  to access 
video and audio content stored on the PC.
 
Connection Using an HDMI CableHDMI IN
RGB / DVI / DP /
 HDMI AUDIO IN
HDMI INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  53Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source DeviceConnection Using an DP Cable
DP INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2.2 Changing the Resolution
 
Adjust the resolution and refresh rate in Control Panel on your PC to obtain optimum picture quality.
The picture quality of TFT-LCDs may degrade if the optimum resolution is not selected.
 
Changing the Resolution on Windows XP
Go to Control Panel  Display   Settings , and change the resolution.
Changing the Resolution on Windows VistaGo to Control Panel  Personal Settings   Display Settings , and change the resolution.12 3
**** ****
**********
12
34
**********************Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  55Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source DeviceChanging the Resolution on Windows 7
Go to Control Panel  Display   Screen Resolution , and change the resolution.
12
34
**** ****
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.3 Connecting to a Video Device
You can connect a video device to the product using a cable.
 
 Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 Press the SOURCE  button on the remote control to change the source.
 
2.3.1 Connection Using the AV Cable
2.3.2 Connection Using the component CableAV IN
AV OUT
COMPONENT OUTCOMPONENT INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  57Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.3.3 Connection Usin g an HDMI-DVI Cable
 
 Audio will not be enabled if the product is conn ected to a video device using an HDMI-DVI cable. 
To resolve this, additionally connect an audio cable to the audio ports on the product and video 
device. 
 Supported resolutions include 1080p (50/60Hz), 720p (50/60Hz), 480p, and 576p.
 HDMI
RGB / DVI / DP /
 HDMI AUDIO INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.3.4 Connection Using an HDMI Cable
Using an HDMI cable or HDMI to DVI Cable (up to 1080p)
For better picture and audio quality, connect to a digital device using an HDMI cable.
An HDMI cable supports digital video and audio signals, and does not require an audio cable.
To connect the product to a digital device that does not support HDMI output, use an HDMI/
DVI and audio cables.
The picture may not display normally (if at all) or the audio may not work if an external device that uses an older version of HDMI mode is connected to the product. If such a problem occurs, ask the manufacturer of the external device about the HDMI version and, if out of date, request an upgrade.
Be sure to use an HDMI cable with a thickness of 14 mm or less.
Be sure to purchase a certified HDMI cable. Otherwise, the picture may not display or a connection error may occur.
A basic high-speed HDMI cable or one with ethernet is recommended. This product does not support the ethernet function via HDMI.HDMI INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  59Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.3.5 Connecting an External Monitor
 
 The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
 The Loopout function can be used to duplicate the screen of the primary display. Connect [DVI 
OUT] on the primary display to [DVI IN] or [HDMI] on another display.
 Up to HD resolution can be supported. Compatible  input sources include DVI IN, DP IN and HDMI 
IN. However, up to 10 monitors can be connected in Full HD mode depending on the type of cable or signal equipment. Multiple monitors that are daisy-chained have a limit to the connectable monitors.
 The [DVI OUT] port on this product does not support the HDCP input.
 If the stereo cable is connected to the [AUDIO OUT] port on the primary monitor, the sound from 
the primary monitor will be muted.
 
2.3.6 Connecting to  an Audio SystemDVI OUT 
(LOOPOUT)
AUDIO OUT
AUDIO OUTDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.4 Changing the Input source
2.4.1 Source
MENU   Media   Source   ENTER
Source  allows you to select a variety of sources and change source device names.
Source
You can display the screen of a source device connected to the product. Select a source from source list 
to display the screen of the selected source.
 
Refer to page 127 for details about the Source menu.
 
 
The input source can also be changed by using the SOURCE  button on the remote control.
 
 
The screen may not display correctly if an incorrect source is selected for the source device you want to 
convert to.
 O m 
Media
Magicinfo Lite
VideosPhotosMusicSourceAllShareDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  61Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.5 Connecting the network box
 
For details on how to connect to a network box, refer to the user's manual provided with the network 
box upon purchase.
 
2.5.1 MagicInfo
To use MagicInfo , a network box (sold separately) must be connected to the product.
 
 To change the MagicInfo settings, run "MagicinfoSetupWizard" on the desktop.
 For details on how to use MagicInfo, refer to the DVD provided with the network box.
 The information in this section is subject to change without notice for quality improvement.
 If a problem occurs after installing an operati ng system other than the one provided with the 
network box, restoring the previous version of the operating system, or installing software that is 
not compatible with the operating system provided , you will not be able to benefit from technical 
support and will be charged a fee for a visit fr om a service technician. A product exchange or 
refund will also not be available.
 
Entering MagicInfo mode
1After installing and connec ting the network box (sold separate ly) to the produc t, power on the 
product.
2Press SOURCE  on the remote control, and select MagicInfo .
 
Connecting the network box to the HDMI port on the product will change Source  from HDMI to 
MagicInfo .
 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device3Select the default application you want to run when MagicInfo starts.
4Enter the IP information.
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Select Application - step 1
MagicInfo Pro (LAN, WAN based version)
MagicInfo-i Premium (Web-based version)
Select Later
< Back(B) Next(N) > Finish Cancel
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Select TCP/IP - step 2
Obtain an IP address automatically
Use the following IP address:
IP address:
Subnet mask:
Default gateway:192 . 168 .  0  . 102
255 . 255 . 255 .  0
192 . 168 .   0   .   1
Obtain DNS server address automatically
Use the following DNS server address:
Preferred DNS server:
Alternate DNS server:10 . 44 . 33 . 22
10 . 33 . 22 . 11
< Back(B) Next(N) > Finish CancelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  63Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device5Select a language. (The default language is English.)
6Select a display mode.
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Select Language -step 3
Select the language you want to install on the system for menus and 
dialogs.
Current Language    :    Engilsh
German
English
French
ItalianChinese [Traditional]
Japanese
Korean
Russian
Swedish
Turkish
Chinese [Simplified]
Portuguese
< Back(B) Next(N) > Finish Cancel
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Select Screen Type - step 4
Landscape
Portrait
< Back(B) Next(N) > Finish CancelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  64Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device7Double-check the settings yo u have just configured.
 
 If the execution icon does not appear, double-click the MagicInfo  icon on the desktop. The icon 
will appear at the bottom right of the screen.
 For further details on how to use MagicInfo , refer to the MagicInfo Lite Edition software CD 
provided with the network box.
 
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Setup Information
1. Application :     MagicInfo Pro [LAN,WAN based version\
2. Internet Protocol [TCP/IP]       IP :       192.168.0.1023. Language :     English4. Screen Type :     Landscape
Do not show again
< Back(B) Apply Finish CancelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  653 Using MDC3 Using MDC
MDC (Multiple Display Control) is an application that allows you to easily control multiple display 
devices simultaneously using a PC.
3.1 Configuring Settings for Multi Control
MENU   System   Multi Control   ENTER
Assign an individual ID to your product.
3.1.1 Configuring settings for Multi Control
MDC Connection
Selects a port to receive the MDC  inputs from.
RS232C MDCCommunicates with the MDC  via a RS232C MDC cable.
RJ45 MDCCommunicates with the MDC  via an RJ45 MDC cable.
ID SetupAssign an ID to a set. (Range: 0~99)
Press /  to select a number, and press [ ].
ID Input
Enter the ID number of the product connected to the input cable for input signal reception.
Enter the number you want using the number buttons on the remote control.
3.2 Communicate with MDC via the RS232C-stereo cableO m 
RS232C IN/OUTDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  66Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.3 Communicate with LAN cable
 
Multiple products can be connected using the [RJ45] port on the product and the LAN ports on the 
HUB.
 
3.4 Communicate with Stereo cable via the LAN cable
 
Multiple products can be connected using the [RS232C IN / OUT] port on the product.
 RJ45
RS232C OUT
RJ45
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  67Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.5 MDC Program Installation/Uninstallation
3.5.1 Installation
1Insert the installation CD into the CD-ROM drive.
2Click the MDC Unified  installation program.
 
If a software installation window is not displayed on the main screen, install with the "MDC Unified" 
execution file in the MDC folder on the CD.
 
3Click "Next" in the displayed Installation Wizard screen.
4In the "License Agreement" window displayed, select "I accept the terms in the license agreement" 
and click "Next".
5In the displayed "Customer Informa tion" window, fill out all the info rmation fields and click "Next".
6In the displayed "Destination Folder" window, select the directory path you want to install the program in and click "Next".
 
If the directory path is not specified, the program  will be installed in the default directory path.
 
7In the displayed "Ready to Insta ll the Program" window, check the directory path to install the 
program in and click "Install".
8Installation progress will be displayed.
9Click "Finish" in the displayed "InstallShield Wizard Complete" window.
 
Select "Launch MDC Unified" and click "Fin ish" to run the MDC program immediately.
 
10The MDC Unified shortcut icon will be cr eated on the desktop after installation.
 
 The MDC execution icon may not be displayed depending on the PC system or product 
specifications.
 Press F5 if the execution icon is not displayed.
 
3.5.2 Uninstallation
1Select Settings  > Control Panel  on the Start menu and double-click Add/Delete Program .
2Select MDC Unified  from the list and click Change/Remove.
 
MDC installation can be affected by the graphics card, mother board and network conditions.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  68Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6 What is MDC?
Multiple display control "MDC" is an application that allows you to easily control mu ltiple display devices 
simultaneously using a PC.
3.6.1 Connecting to MDC
Using MDC via RS-232C (serial data communications standards)
An RS-232C serial cable must be connected to the serial ports on the PC and monitor.
Using MDC via Ethernet
Enter the IP for the primary display device and connect the device to the PC. One display device can 
connect to another using an RS-232C serial cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  69Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.2 Connection Management
Connection management includes the Connection list  and Connection list modification options .
Connection list  – Connection list shows the details of the connections such as connection setting (IP/
COM, Port No, MAC, and Connection Type ), connection status, Set ID Range , and detected devices. 
Each connection can contain a maximum of 100 devices connected in serial daisy-chain fashion. All the 
LFDs detected in a connection are displayed in the Device list, where the user can make groups and 
send commands to detected devices.
Connection list modification options  – Connection modification options includes Add, Edit, Delete, 
and Refresh .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  70Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.3 Auto Set ID
Auto Set ID  feature assigns a Set ID for all the LFDs connected in daisy-chain of a selected connection. 
There can be a maximum of 100 LFDs in a connection. The Set ID is assigned sequentially in the daisy-
chain running from 1 to 99, and then finally to Set ID 0.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  71Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.4 Cloning
Using the Cloning feature, you can copy the setting of one LFD and apply it to multiple selected LFDs. 
You can select specific tab categories or all tab categories for cloning, using the copy setting option 
window. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  72Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.5 Command Retry
This feature is used to specify the maximum number of times the MDC command will be retried in case of 
there being no reply or a corrupted reply from an LFD. The retry count value can be set using the MDC 
options window. The retry count value must be between 1-10. The default value is 1. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  73Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.6 Getting Started with MDC
1To start the program, click Start   Programs   Samsung   MDC Unified .
2Click Add to add a display device.
If the connection is established via RS232C, go to Serial  and specify the COM Port . 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  74Using MDC3
3 Using MDCIf the connection is established via Ethernet , enter the IP that was entered for the display 
device.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  75Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.7 Main Screen Layout
 Menu BarChange the status of a display device or the properties of the program.
 Device CategoryView a list of connected displa y devices or device groups.
 Schedule CategoryView a list of schedules for display devices.
 Set ListSelect the display device you want to adjust.
 Modify the Set ListAdd, edit, regroup or delete sets.
 Help TopicsDisplay help topics for the program.
4
3216
5
1
2
3
4
5
6Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  76Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.8 Menus
You can power on or off a selected device or change the input source or volume of the device.
Choose display device s from the list of sets, and select the Home  tab. 
 Home
Select an item and change the corresponding setting.
Power
On: Power on a selected display.
Off: Power off a selected dis
Input
Input Source : Change the input source.
 
 Input sources available can vary depending on the Display Device Models.
 The input source can be changed only for displays that are turned on.
 
Channel  : Change the channel.
 
 The TV channel can be changed by using the up/down arrow keys.
 The channel can be changed only when the input source is TV .
 Only registered channels can be selected.
 
 Volume
 
The volume can be changed or the sound can be muted only for displays that are turned on.
 
Volume
The volume can be adjusted using the slider bar in the range of 0 to 100.
Adjust the volume of a selected display. 
Input
Enable or disable Mute  for a selected display. 
Mute  will automatically be disabled if Volume  is adjusted when Mute  is on.
 Alert
Fault Device
1
2
3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  77Using MDC3
3 Using MDCThis menu shows a list of display devices which have following errors - fan error, temperature 
error, brightness sensor error, or lamp error.
Select a display device from the list. The Repair  button will be enabled. Click the refresh button 
to refresh the error status of the display device. The recovered display device will disappear 
from the Fault Device List. 
Fault Device Alert
Display device in which error is detected will be reported by email.
Fill in all required fields. The Test and OK buttons will be enabled. Ensure the Sender  
information and at least one Recipient  are entered.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  78Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.9 Screen Adjustment
The screen settings (contrast, brightness, etc.) can be adjusted. 
Choose display device s from the list of sets, and select the Picture  tab.
Custom
Select an item and change the corresponding screen setting.
 
 Color  and Tint are not available if the input source is PC.
 Red, Green , Blue  and PC Screen Adjustment  are not available if the input source is Video .
 Color , Tint , Color Tone , Color Temp , Red , Green , Blue  and PC Screen Adjustment  are not 
available if both PC Source  and Video Source  are selected.
 
Contrast
Adjust the contrast for the selected display device.
Brightness
Adjust the brightness for th e selected display device.
Color
Adjust the colors for the selected display device.
Tint (G/R)
Adjust the tint for the selected display device.
Color Tone
Adjust the background color tone for the selected display device.
Color Temp
Adjust the color temperature for the selected display device.
 
This option is enabled if Color Tone  is set to Off .
 
Red
Customize the intensity of red color for the selected display device.
Green
Customize the intensity of green color for the selected display device.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  79Using MDC3
3 Using MDCBlue
Customize the intensity of blue co lor for the selected display device.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  80Using MDC3
3 Using MDCOptions
Dynamic Contrast
Adjust the Dynamic Contrast  for the selected display device. 
Gamma ControlChange the gamma value for the selected display. 
Auto Motion Plus
This option is used to view dynamic images.
Off: Disable the Auto Motion Plus  function.
Clear : Set the level of Auto Motion Plus  to clear. This mode is suitable to display vivid images.
Standard : Set the level of Auto Motion Plus  to standard.
Smooth : Set the level of Auto Motion Plus  to smooth. This mode is suitable to display smooth 
images.
Custom : Customize the level of screen burn-in or flickering.
Demo : This function demonstrates the technology of Auto Motion Plus . The result when the mode 
is changed can be previewed on the left side of the window.
Brightness Sensor
Enable or disable the Brightness Sensor  for the selected display device.
The Brightness Sensor  detects the ambient light intensity and automatically adjusts the screen 
brightness.
 
Brightness Sensor  may not be available depending on the product. 
 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  81Using MDC3
3 Using MDCSize
Picture Size
Adjust the screen size for the selected display device. 
The Detail item will be disabled if Picture Size  is set to a mode that does not support detailed 
configuration.The -/+ buttons can be used to adjust Zoom.
The screen can be relocated using the up/down/left/right buttons.
Detail
You can view details of the selected screen size.
PC Screen Adjustment
Frequency adjustment or fine-tuning is available by using the -/+ buttons in Coarse  or Fine.
To relocate the screen, click one of the four images below Position .
To automatically adjust the frequency, fine-tune or relocate the screen, click Auto Adjustment .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  82Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.10 Sound Adjustment
You can change the sound settings. 
Choose display device s from the list of sets, and select the Sound  tab.
 
The Bass  or Treble  item will be disabled if the item is not supported by the selected set.
 
Bass
Adjust the bass for th e selected display. 
Treble
Adjust the treble for the selected display. 
Balance (L/R)
Adjust the volume of the left and right speakers of the selected display device. 
SRS TS XT
Enable or disable the SRS TS XT  effect for the selected display device. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  83Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.11 System Setup
Choose display device s from the list of sets, and select the System  tab. 
Video Wall
The Video Wall  function can be used to display part of a whole picture or repeat the same picture on 
each of connected multiple display devices.
 
Video Wall  is enabled only when devices are in the group.
 
Video Wall
Enable or disable Video Wall .
Format
Select the format to display the split screen.
'VMM/BUVSBMDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  84Using MDC3
3 Using MDCH
Select the number of ho rizontal display devices.
A maximum of 15 displays can be arranged in a row.
 
A maximum of 6 can be assigned to V if 15 is assigned to H.
 
V
Select the number of vertical display devices. 
A maximum of 15 displays can be arranged in a row.
 
A maximum of 6 can be assigned to V if 15 is assigned to H.
 
Screen PositionView the layout of displays (configured by the screen divider) or change the layout as required.
Screen Position  and Preview  are enabled when Video Wall  is set to on. 
Note that if multiple sets are selected, Preview  is enabled only if the settings for H and V match the 
layout of the selected sets.To change the Position , select a set and drag it to a new position.
 
The range of screen divider settings may differ depending on the model.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  85Using MDC3
3 Using MDCPIP
Basic information re quired to adjust PIP will appear in the menu screen.
 
 PIP will be disabled when Video Wall  is ON.
 Note that Picture Size  is disabled when PIP is ON.
 
PIP Size
View the PIP Size  of the current display. 
PIP Source
Select a PIP input source.
Sound Select
Select and enable the sound from either the primary screen or secondary screen.
Channel
The channel can be changed if PIP Source  is TV.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  86Using MDC3
3 Using MDCGeneral
User Auto Color
Automatically adjust the screen colors.
 
Available only in PC mode.
 
Auto Power
Set the product to automatically power on.
Standby Control
Set the standby mode to activate if an input source is not detected.
Fan & Temperature
Configure the settings required to detect the fan speed and internal temperature for the product's 
protection.
Fan Control
Select a method to configure the fan speed.
Fan Speed
Configure the fan speed.
Temperature
Detect the internal temperature by specifying the range of temperature.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  87Using MDC3
3 Using MDCSecurity
Safety Lock
Lock the on-screen menus.
 
To unlock the menus, set Safety Lock  to Off.
 
Button Lock
Lock the buttons on the display device.
 
To unlock the buttons, set Button Lock  to Off.
 
OSD Display
Source OSDSelect whether to display a message when the Source  is changed. 
Not Optimum Mode OSD
Select whether to display a message when a non-compatible mode is selected. 
No Signal OSD
Select whether to display a message when there is no input signal.
MDC OSD
Select whether to display a message when settings are changed by the MDC.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  88Using MDC3
3 Using MDCTime
Clock Set
Change the current time on the selected display device according to the time set on a PC. 
If the time is not set on the display device, null values will be displayed.
Timer
On Time : Set the time to power on the selected display device.
Off Time : Set the time to power off the selected display device.
Volume : Specify the volume of the display device when it is powered on by On Time.
Source : Specify the input source of the display device when it is powered on by On Time .
Holiday : The Holiday Management settings can be applied to the Timer .
Repeat  : Specify the period for which you want to repeat the selected Timer .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  89Using MDC3
3 Using MDCOnce : Activate the timer only one time.
EveryDay: Activate the timer every day.
Mon~Fri : Activate the timer from Monday through Friday.
Mon~Sat : Activate the timer on Saturdays and Sundays.
Manual : Customize days of the week.
 
The checkboxes to select days of the week below Repeat  are enabled only if Manual  is selected.
 
Holiday Management
Holiday Management  allows you to prevent devices that are set to be powered on by the Timer from 
turning on at a specified date.
 
The Holiday Management  function can be enabled or disabled in the Timer  settings menu.
 
Add: You can specify holidays:
Click the Add button in the Holiday Management window.
Delete: Delete holidays: check the corresponding checkboxes and click this button.
List of holidays: View a list of holidays you have added. 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  90Using MDC3
3 Using MDCScreen Burn Protection
Pixel Shift
Move the screen slightly at specified time intervals to prevent screen burn-in.
Screen Saver
This function prevents screen burn-in when the screen of the selected display device is left idle for an 
extended period of time. 
Interval : Set the interval to activate the Screen Saver .
Mode : The Time  setting can vary for each Mode .
Safety Screen
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  91Using MDC3
3 Using MDCThe Safety Screen  function can be used to prevent screen burn-in when a stationary image displays on 
the screen of a display device for an extended period of time. 
Lamp Control
Lamp Control  is used to adjust the backlight to reduce power consumption.
Automatically adjust the backlight of the selected display device at a specified time. If Manual Lamp Control  is adjusted, Auto Lamp Control  will automatically switch to Off. 
Manually adjust the backlight for the selected display. 
If Auto Lamp Control is adjusted, Manual Lamp Control  will automatically switch to Off. 
Ambient Light : Ambient Light  detects ambient light intensity and automatically adjusts the screen 
brightness of all the LFDs in the same serial chain.
3.6.12 Tool Settings
 Security
Panel ControlTurn on or off the scre en of a display device.
Remote Control
Enable or disable the remote control.
1 2 3 4
1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  92Using MDC3
3 Using MDC Reset
Reset Picture
Reset the screen settings.
Reset Sound
Reset the sound settings.
Reset System
Reset the system settings.
Reset All
Reset the screen, soun d and system settings at the same time.
 Edit Column
Select the items you want to display in the list of sets.
 Information
View the program information.2
3
4Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  93Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.13 Other Functions
Resizing a Window
Place the mouse pointer on a corner of the program window. An arrow will appear. Move the arrow to 
customize the size of the program window.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  94Using MDC3
3 Using MDCGroup Management
Creating Groups
Create groups and manage the list of sets on a group basis. 
 
Duplicate group names cannot be used.
 
1Right-click and select Group>Edit  in the display device list section on the left side of the program 
window.
2In the Edit Group  window displayed, click Add on the sub level  or Add on the same level.
Add on the sub level : Create a sub-group under the selected group.
Add on the same level : Create a group on the same level as the selected group.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  95Using MDC3
3 Using MDC 
The Add on the same level  button is enabled only if at least one group is created.
 
3Enter the group name.
Deleting Groups
1Select a group name, and click Edit.
2In the Edit Group  window displayed, click Delete.
3Click Yes. The group will be deleted.
Renaming Groups
1Select a group name, and click Edit.
2In the Edit Group  window displayed, click Rename .
3If a cursor appears in the old group name, enter a new group name.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  96Using MDC3
3 Using MDCSchedule Management
Creating Schedules
Create and register a schedule on a group basis.
1Click All Schedule List  in the schedule section on the left side of the program window. The Add 
button will be enable d in the middle.
2Click the Add button. The Add Schedule  window will appear.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  97Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3Click Add below the Device Group  item, and select the group you want to add a schedule to.
4Select Date&Time/Action  and click OK. The schedule will be added and a list of schedules will 
appear in the set list window.
Device Group : Select a group.
Date&Time
Instant Execution : Run the schedule immediately.
Timer  Set the date, time and interval to run the schedule.
Action : Select a function that will activate at the specified time and interval.
Schedule Modification
To modify a schedule, select the schedule and click Edit.
Deleting a Schedule
To delete a schedule, select the schedule and click Delete.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  98Using MDC3
3 Using MDC3.6.14 Troubleshooting Guide
 
This program may malfunction sometimes due to a communication problem between the PC and 
display or electromagnetic waves emit ted from nearby electronic devices.
 Issue Solution
The display you want to control 
does not appear on the system information chart.1. Check the connection of the RS232C cable (check that the 
cable is properly connected to appropriate serial port).
2. Check that another display with a duplicate ID is not 
connected. Connecting displays with a duplicate ID can 
cause the displays not to be shown due to data collision.
3. Check that the display ID is within the range of 0 and 99. 
(Change the ID using the Display menu.)
 
For a display that supports the ID in a range of 0 to 99, 
the ID should be set between 0 and 99.
 
The display you want to control 
does not appear on the other Control Info Grids.Check that the display is powered on. (See the power status in the system information chart.)
Ensure you select the input source the display is connected to.
The following message appears 
repeatedly.Check that the display you want to control is selected.
Displays power on or off at different 
time from one another even though 
On Time  or Off Time  is set.Adjust the time on the PC to synchronize the time between the 
connected displays.
The remote control does not work. The remote control may not work if the RS-232C cable is 
removed or the program is closed abnormally while the Remote 
Control  function is Disable . To resolve this, run the program 
again and set Remote Control  to Enable .
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  99Using MDC3
3 Using MDCHow display properties are shown when multiple displays are used
1When no display is selected: The default value is displayed.
2When one display is selected: Settings for the selected display are displayed.
3When two displays are selected (e.g. in sequence of ID 1 andID  3): The settings for ID 1 are 
displayed before the settings for ID 3.
4When the All +Select checkbox is checked and all displays are selected: The default settings are 
displayed.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1004 Screen Adjustment4 Screen Adjustment
Configure the Picture  settings ( Brightness , Colo(u)r Tone , etc.).
 
The layout of the Picture  menu options may vary depending on the product.
 
4.1 Picture Mode
MENU   Picture   Picture Mode   ENTER
Select a picture mode ( Picture Mode ) suitable for the environment where the product will be used. 
Different Picture Mode  options are displayed depending on the current input source.
4.1.1 If the input sour ce is PC, DVI or DP
Information : This mode reduces eye fatigue and is suitable for displaying information to the public.
Advertisement : This mode is suitable for displaying video content and indoor/outdoor 
advertisements.
4.1.2 If the input source is AV, Component, HDMI
Dynamic : This mode is suitable when  the ambient light is bright. 
Standard : This mode is generally suitable for any environment.
Natural : Suitable for reducing eye strain.
Movie : This mode reduces eye fatigue.O m 
Picture
Picture Mode
· Backlight· Contrast· Brightness· Sharpness· Color· Tint (G/R)Information
100
95455050
G 50               R 50Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  101Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment4.2 Backlight / Contrast / Bright ness / Sharpness / Colo(u)r / 
Tint(G/R)
MENU   Picture   ENTER
Your product has several options for adjusting picture quality. Select an option using the  and  
buttons, and then press [ ]. Use the arrow keys to adjust the option value or select an option setting. 
When done, press [ ].
 
 When you make changes to Backlight, Contrast , Brightness , Sharpness , Colo(u)r  or Tint (G/
R), the OSD will be adjusted accordingly.
 When connecting a PC, you can only make changes to Backlight, Contrast , Brightness, and 
Sharpness .
 You can adjust and store settings for each external device you have connected to an input on the 
product.
 Lowering picture brightness reduces power consumption.
 
4.3 Screen Adjustment
MENU   Picture   Screen Adjustment   ENTER
Screen Adjustment  provides various picture size and aspect ra tio options. Select an option using the  
and  buttons, and the press [ ]. Use the arrow keys to select an option in the sub-menu, and then 
press [ ].
Different Screen Adjustment  options are displayed depending on the current input source:O m 
O m 
Screen Adjustment
Picture Size
· PositionPC Screen AdjustmentResolution Select16:9
OffDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  102Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment4.3.1 Picture Size
If you have a cable box or satellite receiver, it may ha ve its own set of screen si zes as well. However, we 
highly recommend you use your product 16:9 mode most of the time.
16:9: Sets the picture to 16:9 wide mode.
Zoom1 : Use for moderate magnification. Cuts off the top and sides.
Zoom2 : Use for a stronger magnification.
Wide Fit  (depending on the country): Enlarges the aspect ratio of the picture to fit the entire screen.
Smart View 1 : Reduces the 16:9 picture by 50%.
Smart View 2 : Reduces the 16:9 picture by 25%.
4:3: Sets the picture to basic (4:3) mode.
 
Do not set your product to 4:3 format for a long time. The borders displayed on the left and right, 
or top and bottom of the screen may cause image retention (screen burn) which is not covered by 
the warranty.
 
Screen Fit : Displays the full image without any cut-off when HDMI (720p / 1080i / 1080p) or 
Component (1080i / 1080p) signals are inputted.
Custom : Changes the resolution to suit the user's preferences.
 
 You can adjust and store settings for each external device you have connected to an input on 
the product.
 Picture Sizes available by Input Source.
 
4.3.2 Position
Adjusts the picture position. Position  is only available if Picture Size  is set to Zoom1 , Zoom2 , Wide Fit , 
Screen fit  or Custom.
To use the Position  function after selecting Zoom1 , Zoom2  or Wide Fit , follow these steps.
1Press the  button to select Position . 
2Press the [ ] button.Input Source Picture Size
AV, Component (480i, 480p) 16:9, Zoom1 , Zoom2 , 4:3, Custom
Component (1080i, 1080p) 16:9, 4:3, Wide Fit , Screen Fit , Custom
HDMI (720p, 1080i, 1080p)16:9, 4:3, Wide Fit , Screen Fit , 
Smart View 1 , Smart View 2 , Custom
HDMI (480i, 480p)16:9, 4:3, Zoom1 , Zoom2 , 
Smart View 1 , Smart View 2 , Custom
PC, DVI, DP, HDMI (when a PC is connected) 16:9, 4:3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  103Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment3Press the  or  button to move the picture up or down.
4Press the [ ] button.
5Select Close  by pressing the  and  buttons sequentially. To reset the picture position, press 
Reset .
To use the Position  function after selecting Screen Fit  in HDMI (1080i/1080p) or Component 
(1080i/1080p) or Custom, follow these steps.
1Press the  button to select Position .
2Press the [ ] button.
3P r e s s  t h e  /// b u t t o n  t o  m o v e  t h e  p i c t u r e .
4Press the [ ] button.
5Select Close  by pressing the  and  buttons sequentially.
 
If you want to reset the picture to its original position, select Reset  in the Position screen. The 
picture will be set to its default position.
 
4.3.3 PC Screen Adjustment
 
Available in PC mode only.
 
Coarse  / Fine: Removes or reduces picture noise. If the noise is not removed by Fine-tuning alone, use 
the Coarse  function to adjust the frequency as best as possible ( Coarse ) and Fine-tune again. After the 
noise has been reduced, re-adjust the picture so that it is aligned with the center of screen.
Position : To adjust the PC’s screen position if it is not centered or does not fit the product screen. Press 
the  or  button to adjust the Vertical Position. Press the  or  button to adjust the Horizontal 
Position.
Image Reset: Resets the image to the default settings.
4.3.4 Resolution Select
If the picture is not normal even when the resolution of the graphics card is one of the following, you can 
optimize the picture quality by selecting the same resolution for the product as the PC using this menu.
Available resolutions: Off / 1024 x 768  / 1280 x 768  / 1360 x 768  / 1366 x 768
 
The Resolution Select  option is only enabled when the input source is PC.
 
4.4 Auto Adjustment
MENU   Picture   Auto Adjustment   ENTER O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  104Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen AdjustmentAdjust frequency values/positions and fine tune the settings automatically.
 
This option is available when the input source is PC.
 
4.5 Using the 3D function (UE46A & UE55A models only)
MENU   Picture   3D  ENTER
4.5.1 3D Mode
This exciting new feature enables you to view 3D content. In order to fully enjoy this feature, you must 
purchase a pair of Samsung 3D Active Glasses to view 3D video.
4.5.2 Viewing product Using the 3D function
IMPORTANT HEALTH AND SAFETY INFORMATION FOR 3D PICTURES. Read and 
understand the following safety inform ation before using the 3D function.
 Warning
Some viewers may experience discomfort while viewing 3D product such as dizziness, nausea 
and headaches. If you experience any such symptom, stop viewing 3D product, remove 3D Active Glasses and rest.
Watching 3D images for an extended period of time may cause eye strain. If you feel eye strain, stop viewing 3D product, remove your 3D Active Glasses and rest.
A responsible adult should frequently check on children who are using the 3D function. If there are any reports of tired eyes, headaches, dizziness, or nausea, have the child stop viewing 3D product and rest.
Do not use the 3D Active Glasses for other purposes (such as general eyeglasses, sunglasses, protective goggles, etc.)
Do not use the 3D function or 3D Active Glasse s while walking or moving around. Using the 3D 
function or 3D Active Glasses while moving around may result in injuries due to running into objects, tripping, and/or falling.
3D Mode : Select the 3D input format.
 
 If you want to feel the 3D effect fully, please wear the 3D Active Glasses first, and then select 
3D Mode from the list below that pr ovides the best 3d viewing experience.
 When watching 3D images, turn on 3D Active Glasses.
 O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  105Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment 
 Some file format may not supported the “2D  3D.”
 “Side by Side” and “Top & Bottom” are available when the resolution is 720p, 1080i and 
1080p in HDMI and USB mode or when set to PC and the PC is connected through an HDMI 
/ DVI cable.
 “Vertical Stripe”, “Line by Line” and “Checker Bo ard” are available when the resolution is set 
to PC and the PC is connected through an HDMI / DVI cable.
 “Frame Sequential” displays the frequency (60Hz only) when the resolution is set to PC.
 
3D Effect : Adjust 3D effects like perspective and depth for your preferred 3D viewing experience.
Auto : Automatically adjust the perspective and depth settings in accordance with the 3D input 
source.
Manual : Manually adjust the perspective and depth settings.
L/R Change  (L/R Image  / R/L Image): Swap the left and right pictures.
3D  2D (Off / On): Displays the image for the left eye only.
 
This function is deactivated when 3D Mode  set to “2D  3D” or Off.
 
3D Auto View  (Off / Message Notice  (or Message Alert ) / On): If 3D Auto View  is set to On, a 
“Side by Side” format HDMI signal with one of the resolutions below is automa tically switched to 3D. 
If you set 3D Auto View  to Message Notice  (or Message Alert ), a pop up message window 
appears when the product receives a 3D signal.
 
 If a 3D failure occurs due to a 3D information error, set 3D Auto View to Off and manually 
select a 3D Mode  using the corresponding menu.
 
3D Optimize  (or 3D Optimisation ): The overall adjustment of 3D effect.
 
Support resolution (16:9 only)3D Mode Operation
Off Turns the 3D function off.
3D  2D Changes a 3D image to 2D.
Side by Side Displays two images next to each other.
Top & Bottom Displays one image above another.
Line by Line Displays the images for the left and right eye alternately in 
rows.
Vertical Stripe Displays the images for the left and right eye alternately in 
columns.
Checker Board Displays the images for the left and right eye alternately in 
pixels.
Frame 
SequentialDisplays the images for the left and right eye alternately in frames.3D3D
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  106Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment 
Resolution supported for HDMI PC mode
The resolution for HDMI PC mode is optimized to 1920 x 1080 input.An input resolution other than 1920 x 1080 may not be displayed properly in 3D display or full screen 
mode.
How to watch the 3D image
Method 1
 
 Some 3D modes may not be available depe nding on the format of the image source.
 To watch in 3D, wear 3D Active Glasses and press the power button on the glasses.
 
1Press the MENU  button on your remote, use the  or  button to select Picture , and then 
press the [ ] button.
2Use the  or  button to select 3D, and then press the [ ] button.
3Use the  or  button to select 3D Mode , and then press the [ ] button.
4Using the  or  buttons on your remote control, select the 3D Mode  of the image you want 
to view.
Supported formats and operating specifications for Standard HDMI 3D
 
The 3D formats indicated below are recommended by the HDMI association and must be supported.
 
For the Standard HDMI 3D format with 24Hz, the product is optimized as follows.
Judder Reduction  Display Mode: When Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) is set to Smooth or 
Custom , you can watch a smooth picture without judder.
Before using 3D function
 
 3D Mode  is set to its memorized configuration value automatically when you changing the input 
source.
 Some Picture  functions are disabled in 3D  mode.
 PIP is not supported in 3D mode.Resolution Frequency (Hz)
1280 x 720p 25 / 50 Hz
1920 x 1080i 25 / 50 Hz
1920 x 1080p 25 / 50 Hz
Source signal format Standard HDMI 1.4 3D
1920 x 1080p @ 24 Hz x 2 1920 x 2205p @ 24 Hz
1280 x 720p @ 50 / 60 Hz x 2 1280 x 1470p @ 50 / 60 HzDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  107Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment 3D Active Glasses from Samsung’s previous prod uct (IR type) or other manufacturers not be 
supported.
 When the product is initially powered on, may take some time until the 3D display is optimized.
 The 3D Active Glasses may not work properly if there is any other 3D product or electronic devices 
turned on near the glasses or product. If there is  a problem, keep other electronic devices as far 
away as possible from the 3D Active Glasses.
 Some files are not supported in the 2D to 3D function.
 Be sure to stay within the viewing angle and optimum product viewing distance when watching 3D pictures. Otherwise, you may not be able to enjoy proper 3D effects.
 The ideal viewing distance should be three times or more the height of the screen. We recommend sitting with viewer’s eyes on a level with the screen.
 
4.6 Advanced Settings
MENU   Picture   Advanced Settings   ENTER
All Advanced Settings  are available in the Standard  and Movie  modes. To use, select an option using 
the up and down arrow keys, and then press . Use the arrow keys to change the value or setting, and 
then press [ ]. Use the arrow keys to change the value or setting, and then press .
 
In PC  mode, you can only make changes to Gamma  and White Balance .
 
4.6.1 Black Tone
Select the black level to adjust the screen depth.
Off / Dark  / Darker  / DarkestO m 
Advanced Settings
Black Tone
Dynamic ContrastShadow DetailGammaExpert PatternRGB Only ModeColor SpaceOffOff
00
OffOff
NativeDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  108Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment4.6.2 Dynamic Contrast
Adjust the screen contrast.
Off / Low  / Medium  / High
4.6.3 Shadow Detail
Increase the brightness of dark images.
4.6.4 Gamma
Adjust the primary color intensity.
4.6.5 Expert Pattern
Use the Expert Pattern  function to calibrate the picture. If the OSD menu disappears or a menu other 
than the Picture menu is opened, the product saves the calibration and the Expert Pattern  screen 
disappears.
Off
Turns the Expert Pattern  function off.
Pattern1
This test screen demonstrates the effect of the display settings on shades of grey and black.
Pattern2This test screen demonstrates the effect of the display settings on color.
 
 After selecting Pattern1  or Pattern2 , you can adjust any of the advanced settings  for desired 
effect.
 While the Expert Pattern  is running, sound is not outputted.
 Only enabled on Component, HDMI modes.
 
4.6.6 RGB Only Mode
Displays the Red, Green  and Blue  color for making fine adjustments to the hue and saturation.
Off / Red  / Green  / Blue
4.6.7 Colo(u)r Space
Adjusts the range and variety of color (the color space) available to create images.
Auto  / Native  / Custom
 
To adjust Colo(u)r , Red , Green , Blue  and Reset , set Colo(u)r Space  to Custom .
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  109Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment4.6.8 White Balance
Adjust the colour temperature for a more natural picture.
R-Offset  / G-Offset  / B-Offset: Adjust each color (red, green, blue) darkness.
R-Gain  / G-Gain  / B-Gain : Adjust each color (red, green, blue) brightness.
Reset : Resets the White Balance  to it’s default settings.
4.6.9 10p White Balance (Off / On)
Controls the white balance in 10 point interval by adjusting the red, green, and blue brightness.
Interval : Select interval to adjust.
Red: Adjust the red level.
Green : Adjust the green level.
Blue: Adjust the blue level.
Reset : Resets the 10p White Balance  to its default settings.
 
 Available when the Picture Mode  is set to Movie  and when the external input is set to all input.
 Some external devices may not support this function.
 
4.6.10 Flesh Tone
Emphasize pink “Flesh Tone.”
4.6.11 Edge Enhancement (Off / On)
Emphasize object boundaries.
4.6.12 Motion Lighting (Off / On)
Reduces power consumption by reducing screen brightness when the picture on the screen is in motion.
4.6.13 LED Motion Plus (Off / On)
Removes blur and judder from scenes with larger amounts of rapid movement to provide a clearer 
picture.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  110Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment4.7 Picture Options
MENU   Picture   Picture Options  ENTER
Select an option using the up and down arrow keys, and the press [ ]. Use the arrow keys to change 
the setting, and then press [ ].
 
When connecting a PC, you can only make changes to the Colo(u)r Tone .
 
4.7.1 Colo(u)r Tone
Off / Cool  / Standard / Warm1  / Warm2
 
 Warm1  or Warm2  will be deactivated when the Picture Mode  is Dynamic.
 You can adjust and store settings for each external device connected to an input on the product.
 
4.7.2 Colo(u)r Temp.
Adjust the color temperature ( Red/ Green /Blue). (Range: 3000K–15000K)
 
This function is only available when Color Tone  is set to Off .
 
4.7.3 Digital Noise Filter
If the broadcast signal received by your product is weak, you can activate the Digital Noise Filter  feature 
to reduce any static and ghosting that may appear on the screen.
Off / Low  / Medium  / High  / Auto
 
When the signal is weak, try all the options until the the product displays the best picture.
 O m 
Picture Options
Color Tone
Color Temp.Digital Noise FilterMPEG Noise FilterHDMI Black LevelFilm ModeMotion PlusOff
10000K
OffOff
Normal
Off
StandardDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  111Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment4.7.4 MPEG Noise Filter
Reduces MPEG noise to provid e improved picture quality.
Off / Low  / Medium  / High  / Auto
4.7.5 HDMI Black Level
Lets you adjust the screen depth by selecting a black level.
Normal  / Low
 
Available only in HDMI mode.
 
4.7.6 Film Mode
Sets the product to automatically sense and process film signals from all sources and adjust the picture 
for optimum quality.
Off / Auto1  / Auto2
 
Available in AV, COMPONENT (480i  / 1080i) and HDMI (480i / 1080i).
 
4.7.7 Auto Motion Plus (or Motion Plus)
Removes blur and judder from scenes with larger amounts of rapid movement to provide a clearer picture.
 
 The menu names may vary depending on the country.
 This function is supported on ME55A , UE46A  and UE55A  models only.
 
This feature can be used to view fast moving scenes.
Off : Switches Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) off.
Clear  : Sets Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) to Clear  (suitable for viewing moving images 
clearly) mode.
Standard  : Sets Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) to Standard mode.
Smooth  : Sets Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) to Smooth  (suitable for viewing moving images 
naturally) mode.
Custom  : Use to reduce the afterimage and judder as much as you want.
Demo  : Demonstrates Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) (the picture will be displayed on the left 
half of the screen when Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) is set to On ).
Blur Reduction  : Use to reduce the afterimage as much as you want.
 
This is only supported if the Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) is set to Custom .
 
Judder Reduction  : Use to reduce the judder as much as you want.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  112Screen Adjustment4
4 Screen Adjustment 
This is only supported if the Auto Motion Plus  (or Motion Plus ) is set to Custom .
 
Reset : Restore Motion Plus settings to default values.
 
 The color on screen may vary with this option unintentionally.
 Disabled when PIP is set to On .
 
4.8 Reset Picture 
MENU   Picture   Reset Picture   ENTER
Resets your current picture mode to its default settings.O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1135 Sound Adjustment5 Sound Adjustment
Configure the sound ( Sound ) settings for the product. 
5.1 Sound Mode 
MENU   Sound   Sound Mode   ENTER
Use the up and down arrow keys to select an option, and then press [ ].
Standard : Selects the normal sound mode.
Music : Emphasizes music over voices.
Movie : Provides the best sound for movies.
Clear Voice : Emphasizes voices over other sounds.
Amplify : Increase the intensity of high-frequency sound to allow a better listening experience for the 
hearing impaired.
 
If Speaker Select is set to External , Sound Mode  is disabled.
 
5.2 Sound Effect
MENU   Sound   Sound Effect   ENTER
 
 If Speaker Select  is set to External , Sound Effect  is disabled.
 Available only when Sound Mode  is set to Standard .
 
SRS TruSurround HD  (Off / On)
This function provides a virtual 5.1 channel surround sound experience through a pair of speakers 
using HRTF(Head Related Transfer Function) technology.
SRS TruDialog  (Off / On )
This function allows you to increase the intensity of a voice over background music or sound effectsso that dialog can be heard more clearly.O m 
Sound
Sound Mode
Sound Effect3D AudioSpeaker SettingsReset SoundStandard
Low
O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  114Sound Adjustment5
5 Sound AdjustmentSRS CS Headphone  (Off / On)
You can hear virtual 5.1ch surround sound over the headphones.
Equalizer
The Equalizer displays a series of sliders. Use the up and down arrow keys to select a slider. Use the 
left and right arrow keys to change the slider’s value. To Reset  the Equalizer , select Reset  and 
press [ ], then select YES and press [ ]. To exit, select Close , and then press [ ].
 
Equalizer  is available in the standard sound mode only.
 Balance L/R : Adjusts the balance between the right and left speaker.
 100Hz  / 300Hz  / 1kHz / 3kHz / 10kHz  (Bandwidth Adjustment): Adjusts the level of specific 
bandwidth frequencies.
 Reset : Resets the equalizer to its default settings.
 
5.3 3D Audio (UE46A & UE55A models only)
MENU   Sound   3D Audio   ENTER
5.3.1 3D Audio (Off / Low / Medium / High)
3D audio technology provides the immersive sound corresponding to the pop-up effect of 3D video by 
audio depth control in perspective.
Available in only when  watching 3D image.
5.4 Speaker Settings
MENU    Sound  Speaker Settings   ENTER
Speaker Select  (External  / Internal )
If you are listening to the sound track of a broadcast or movie through an external receiver, you may hear a sound echo caused by the difference in decoding speed between the product speakers and the speakers attached to your audio receiver. If this occurs, set the product to External .
 
 When you set Speaker Select to External , the product speakers are turned off. You will hear 
sound through the external speakers only. Sound will be audible only from the external 
speakers if external speakers are connected when Speaker Select  is set to Internal .
 If there is no video signal, both the product speakers and the external speakers will be mute.
 O m 
O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  115Sound Adjustment5
5 Sound AdjustmentAuto Volume  (Off / Normal  / Night )
Normal  equalizes the volume level on each channel, so that when you change channels, the volume 
level is the same.
Night  equalizes and decrease the volume level on each channel, so each channel is quieter. Night  is 
useful at night, when you may want to keep the volume low.
 
To use the volume control of a connected source device, set Auto Volume  to Off. A change to the 
volume control of the connected source device may not be applied if Auto Volume  is set to 
Normal  or Night .
 
5.5 Reset Sound
MENU   Sound   Reset Sound   ENTER
Reset all sound settings to the factory defaults. Select Reset Sound , press ENTER [] ,  s e l e c t  Yes in 
the pop-up, and then press ENTER [ ] again.O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  116 Media Media
6.1 MagicInfo Lite
MENU   Media   MagicInfo Lite   ENTER []
 
Press the MagicInfo Lite  button on the remote control.
 
6.1.1 MagicInfo Lite Player Guide
MagicInfo Lite Player allows you to play content (image, video, document files) at a desired time.
You can play content saved in internal memory or USB memory. You can also play content via MagicInfo 
Lite Server after connecting to a network.
 
For further details about how to use MagicInfo Lite Server, refer to the MagicInfo Lite Server user 
manual.
 O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  117Media
 Media6.2 Videos
MENU   Media   Videos   ENTER []
Connecting a USB Device
1Turn on your product.
2Connect a USB device containing photo, music and/or movie files to the USB port on the back or 
side panel of the product.
3When a USB device is connected to the product, the Connected Device  screen appears. Select a 
connected device, and then press [ ].
6.2.1 Playing a Video
1P r e s s  t h e  /// b u t t o n  t o  s e l e c t  t h e  d e s i r e d  v i d e o  i n  t h e  f i l e  l i s t .
2Press the [ ] button or [ ](Play) button.
 
 The file name appears on the top with its playing time.
 If video time information is unknown, the playing time and progress bar are not displayed.
 During video playback, you can search using the  and  buttons.
 You can use the [ ](REW), [ ](FF), Pause, Stop, and Play buttons on the bottom of your 
remote during playback.
 Press the RETURN  button to exit the movie.
 Pressing the MENU  button when content from a USB devi ce is playing will stop the playback 
and return you to the previous input mode.
 
Supported Video Subitle Formats (for language subtiles, etc.)
Name File extension Format
MPEG-4 time-based text .ttxt XML
SAMI smi HTML
SubRip .srt string-based
SubViewer .sub string-based
Micro DVD .sub or .txt string-basedO m 
Ü
Ú ÚÚ ÚDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  118Media
 MediaSupported Video Formats
 
 Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if  there is an error in the content or the container.File 
ExtensionContainer Video Codec ResolutionFrame 
rate(fps)Bit 
rate(M
bps)Audio 
Codec
*.avi
*.mkvAVI
MKVDivX 3.11 / 4.x / 
5.1 / 6.01920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
MP3 / AC3/ 
LPCM /
ADPCM /
DTS CoreH.264 BP / MP / 
HP1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
MPEG4 SP / ASP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
Motion JPEG 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
*.asf ASFDivX 3.11 / 4.x / 
5.1 / 6.01920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
MP3 / AC3/ 
LPCM /
ADPCM /
WMAH.264 BP / MP / 
HP1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
MPEG4 SP / ASP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
Motion JPEG 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
*.wmv ASFWindow Media 
Video v91920x1080 6 ~ 30 25 WMA
*.mp4 MP4H.264 BP / MP / 
HP1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25MP3 /
ADPCM /
AACMPEG4 SP / ASP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
*.3gp 3GPPH.264 BP / MP / 
HP1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25ADPCM / 
AAC / HE-
AACHEMPEG4SP / 
ASP1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
*.vroVRO
VOBMPEG1 352x288 24 / 25 / 30 30 AC3 / 
MPEG / 
LPCMMPEG2 1920x1080 24 / 25 / 30 30
*.mpg
*.mpegPSMPEG1 352x288 24 / 25 / 30 30 AC3 / 
MPEG / 
LPCM / 
AACMPEG2 1920x1080 24 / 25 / 30 30
H.264 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
*.ts
*.tp
*.trpTSMPEG2 1920x1080 24 / 25 / 30 30AC3 / AAC /
MP3 / DD+ 
/ HE-AACH.264 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
VC1 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  119Media
 Media Sound or video may not work if the contents have a standard bitrate/frame rate above the 
compatible Frame/sec listed in the table above.
 If the Index Table is in error, the Seek (Jump) function is not supported.
 You may experience file stuttering while playing a video through a network connection.
 Video content can not be played, if th ere are many contents in one file.
 When you play video over a network connecti on, the video may not be played smoothly.
 The menu may take longer to appear if the video’s bit rate exceeds 10Mbps.
 Some USB/digital camera devices may not  be compatible with the player.
 
Using the Play Continuously Function (Resume Play)
If you exit a movie when it is playing, you can play the movie later from the point where you stopped it.
 
The Resume  function does not support multiple users. (It will only memorize the point where the most 
recent user stopped playing.)
 
1Select the movie file you stopped and want to resume by pressing the  or  button.
2Press the [ ] (Play) or [ ] button.
3Press Resume Icon on control panel for resume. The Movie will begin to play from where you 
stopped it.
 
Resume  is only available when you resume playing a movie you had stopped.
 
Using the Scene Search function
Scene Search  divides a video into five chapters during playback. You can then restart playback from the 
chapter you select.
 
If the index information is damaged or unsupported, you will not be able to use the Scene Search  
function.
 
1Select the movie file you want to play from the file list section.
2Press the [ ] (play) or [ ] button.
3Press the TOOLS  button, and then press the  or  button to select Scene Search . A pop up 
screen appears.Video Decoder Audio Decoder
Supports up to H.264, Level 4.1
H.264 FMO / ASO / RS, VC1 SP / MP / AP L4 
and AVCHD are not supported.
For MPEG4 SP, ASP
 Below 1280 x 720: 60 frame max
 Above 1280 x 720: 30 frame max
GMC 2 over is not supported.Supports up to WMA 7, 8, 9, STDWMA 9 PRO does not support 2 channel 
excess multi channel or lossless audio.
WMA sampling rate 22050Hz mono is not 
supported.
RealAudio 10 lossless is not supported.
Ü
ÜDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  120Media
 Media4Press the  or  button to select a chapter you want to view. Playback will start from the chapter 
you selected.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  121Media
 Media6.3 Photos
MENU   Media   Photos   ENTER []
Connecting a USB Device
1Turn on your product.
2Connect a USB device containing photo, music and/or movie files to the USB port on the back or 
side panel of the product.
3When a USB device is connected to the product, the Connected Device  screen appears. Select a 
connected device, and then press [ ].
6.3.1 Viewing a Phot o (or Slide Show)
1P r e s s  t h e  /// b u t t o n  t o  s e l e c t  t h e  d e s i r e d  f i l e  i n  t h e  f i l e  l i s t .
2Press the [ ] button.
To view files manually, one at a time, press the left or right arrow buttons.
To start the slide show, press the [ ] (Play) button when the file you selected is displayed.
During the slide show, all files in the file list are displayed in order, starting from the file you selected
 
 When you press the [ ] (Play) button in the file list, the slide show will start immediately.
 During a Slide Show , press the TOOLS  button to access additional functions such as Slide 
Show Speed , Background Music , Zoom , and Rotate .
 You can add background music to a slide show if you have music files on your USB device or 
PC by setting Background Music  to On in the Tools  menu, and then selecting music files to 
play.
 The Background Music  cannot be changed until the BGM has finished loading.
 You can use the Pause, Stop, and Play buttons on the bottom of your remote during a slide 
show.
 When you press the Stop or Return button, the slide show stops and the main photo screen re-appears.
 Pressing the MENU  button when content from a USB devi ce is playing will stop the playback 
and return you to the previous input mode.
 O m 
Ü
ÜDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  122Media
 Media6.4 Music
MENU   Media   Music   ENTER []
Connecting a USB Device
1Turn on your product.
2Connect a USB device containing photo, music and/or movie files to the USB port on the back or 
side panel of the product.
3When a USB device is connected to the product, the Connected Device  screen appears. Select a 
connected device, and then press [ ].
6.4.1 Playing Music
1P r e s s  t h e  /// b u t t o n  t o  s e l e c t  t h e  d e s i r e d  m u s i c  f i l e  i n  t h e  f i l e  l i s t .
2Press the [ ] button or [ ](Play) button.
When the music is playing, you can search using the [ ] (REW) and [ ] (FF) button.
 
 If the sound is abnormal when you play MP3 files, adjust the Equalizer in the Sound menu. (An 
over-modulated MP3 file may cause a sound problem.)
 Pressing the MENU  button when content from a USB device is playing will stop the playback and 
return you to the previous input mode.
 
Creating My Playlist
1On the Music  screen, press the / / /  button to select Edit Mode , and then press the [ ] 
button.
A check box appears to the left of the files.
2P r e s s  t h e  /// b u t t o n  t o  s e l e c t  t h e  t r a c k s  y o u  w a n t  t o  a d d ,  a n d  t h e n  p r e s s  t h e  [ ]  b u t t o n .
A check appears in the check box.
3Repeat Step 2 to select additional tracks.
To select all the files in the current page, select Select All  at the top of the page, and then press 
[] .
4P r e s s  t h e  /// b u t t o n  t o  s e l e c t  Add to My Playlist .
Note that selecting Clear My Playlist  will return My Playlist  to the default playlist and remove 
all the tracks you added.
5Press the [ ] button. The message “ Selected items were added to My Playlist.” is displayed.
6The newly created or updated playlist will be in the main Music  page.O m 
Ü
Ú ÚÚ ÚDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  123Media
 MediaPlaying My Playlist
Select the My Playlist  folder and it will play automatically. Press the  or  button to play a different 
music file within the play list.
 
To delete a file from My Playlist , select the recycle bin icon next to the file you want to delete by using 
the direction buttons, and then press [ ]. The file will be deleted from My Playlist .
 
Playing Selected Music Files
1On the Music  screen, press the / / /  button to select Edit Mode  on the far right side of the 
screen, and then press the [ ] button.
2P r e s s  t h e  /// b u t t o n  t o  s e l e c t  t h e  d e s i r e d  m u s i c  f i l e  i n  t h e  f i l e  l i s t ,  a n d  t h e n  [ ]  b u t t o n .
The  mark appears to the left of the selected files.
3Repeat Step 2 to select additional tracks.
To select all the files in the current page, select Select All at the top.
To cancel a selection, press the [ ] button again.
4P r e s s  t h e  /// b u t t o n  t o  s e l e c t  Play at the bottom of the screen, and then press [ ]. The 
selected music files play.cDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  124Media
 Media6.5 Videos / Photos / Music - Additional Functions
6.5.1 Sorting the file lists
To sort files in the f ile lists, select the ( Sorting ) icon in the top right of the screen by using the / /
/  button. Then, press the [ ] button. The checks below indicate which media the sort criteria apply 
to.
Sort Criteria Operation Videos Photos Music
Folder view Displays the whole folder. You can view the file 
name and thumbnail by selecting the folder.
Title Sorts and displays the file title in Symbol/
Number/Alphabet/Special order.
Latest Date Sorts and shows files by the latest date.
Earliest Date Sorts and shows files by the earliest date.
Monthly Sorts and shows photo files by month.
Artist Sorts the music file by artist in alphabetical order.
Album Sorts the music file by album in alphabetical 
order.
Genre Sorts music files by the Genre.
c c c
c c c
c c
c c
c
c
c
cDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  125Media
 Media6.5.2 Videos/Photos/Musi c Play Option menu
When playing video or phot o files, you can press the TOOLS  button to display an Options menu.
Below are a series of tables listing the options available and the media each option applies to.
Option Name Operations Videos Photos Music
List Return to the file list.
Play / Pause You can start or stop. Alternatively, the  
(Play) or  (Pause) button on the remote can 
be used.
Previous  / Next Go to previous / next photo file.
Shuffle You can play the music sequentially or 
randomly.
Resume You can restart a movie file from where you stopped it.
Scene Search You can use the Scene Search  function 
during playback to view or start a movie from the scene of your choice.
Title Search You can move directly to another Title.
Time Search You can search the movie using  and  buttons at intervals of 1 minute.
Subtitle You can view a subtitle. You can select a specific language if the subtitle file contains multiple languages.
Repeat Mode You can play movie and music files repeatedly.
Picture Size You can adjust the picture size to your preference.
Picture Mode You can change the Picture Mode .
Sound Mode You can change the Sound Mode.
Audio Language You can enjoy video in one of supported languages. The function is enabled only when 
you play stream-type files which support 
multiple audio formats.
Subtitle Setting Displays the Subtitle Setting . You can set up 
a subtitle option.c c c
Ü
I Ic c
c
c
c
c
c
c
c
c c
c
c c
c c c
c
cDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  126Media
 Media 
 Pressing the INFO  button while a device name is selected will display information about the 
selected device.
 Pressing the INFO  button while a file is selected will display information about the selected file.
 Start Slide Show  
/ Stop Slide 
ShowYou can start or stop a slide show. 
Alternatively, use the  or  button on the 
remote.
Slide Show SpeedYou can select the slide show speed during 
the slide show. Alternatively, use the  or 
 button on the remote.
Slide Show 
EffectYou can set various slide show effects.
Background Music On  / OffYou can start or stop background music.
Background 
Music SettingYou can set and select background music when watching a photo file or slide show.
Zoom You can zoom into images in full screen mode.
Rotate You can rotate images.Option Name Operations Videos Photos Music
Ü I Ic
Ú ÚÚ Úc
c
c
c
c
cDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  127Media
 Media6.6 Source
MENU   Media   Source   ENTER []
Source  allows you to select a variety of sources and change source device names.
6.6.1 Source
You can display the screen of a source device connected to the product. Select a source from Source 
List to display the screen of the selected source.
 
The input source can also be changed by using the SOURCE  button on the remote control.
 
 
The screen may not display correctly if an incorrect source is selected for the source device you want to 
convert to.
 
6.6.2 Edit Name
MENU   Media   Source   TOOLS  Edit Name   ENTER []
You can rename a connected source device.
Sometimes the screen will not display properly unless the name of a source device is specified in 
Edit Name. In addition, it is best to rename the source device in Edit Name to obtain optimal picture 
quality.
 
The list can include the following source devices. Source devices on the list differ depending on the 
selected source.
 VCR / DVD  / Cable STB  / Satellite STB  / PVR STB / AV Receiver  / Game  / Camcorder  / 
PC / DVI PC  / DVI Devices  / TV / IPTV  / Blu-ray  / HD DVD  / DMA
 
 
Available settings in the Picture  menu depend on the current source and settings made in Edit Name .
 O m 
Media
Magicinfo Lite
VideosPhotosMusicSourceAllShare
O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  128Media
 MediaWhen connecting a PC to the HDMI IN  port with HDMI cable, you should set the product to PC 
mode under Edit Name .
When connecting a PC to the HDMI IN  port with HDMI to DVI cable, you should set the product to 
DVI PC  mode under Edit Name .
When connecting an AV devices to the HDMI IN  port with HDMI to DVI cable, you should set the 
product to DVI Devices  mode under Edit Name .
6.6.3 Information
MENU   Media   Source   TOOLS   Information   ENTER []
You can see detailed information about the selected external device.
6.6.4 Refresh
MENU   Media   Source   TOOLS   Refresh   ENTER []
In the Source , If the external devices are not displayed, press the TOOLS  button to select Refresh . 
Search for connected devices.O m 
O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  129Media
 Media6.7 AllShare
MENU   Media   AllShare  ENTER []
AllShare connects your product and compatible Samsung mobile phones/ devices through a network. 
You can play media contents including videos, photos, and music saved on your mobile phones or the other devices (such as your PC) by contro lling them on the prod uct via the network.
 
 For more information, visit “www.samsung.com”  or contact the Samsung call center. Mobile 
devices may need additional software installation. For details, refer to each device’s user’s guide.
 If your Samsung product connects to a non-Samsung DLNA server, a compatibility issue may 
occur during video playback.
 By connecting your Samsung product to a network via AllShare™, you can use Samsung’s original functions as follows.
 Playback of various video formats (Div X, MP4, 3GPP, AVI, ASF, MKV, etc.)
 Video thumbnail feature
 Bookmark function (to resume video playback)
 Auto-chaptering (scene navigation)
 Digital content management
 Compatibility with various subtitle formats (SRT, SMI, SUB, TXT, TTXT)
 Search with file names
 And many others
 To use the original DLNA functions of Samsung fully, it is recommended that you use the AllShare™ software provided with your product.
 
 
Refer to page 138 for details about the AllShare Settings  menu.
 O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1307 Network7 Network
7.1 Network Settings
7.1.1 Connecting to  a Wired Network
There are three ways to attach your product to your LAN using cable:
You can attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product to 
an external modem using a LAN cable. See the diagram below.
You can attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product to an IP Sharer which is connected to an external modem. Use LAN cable for the connection. See the diagram below.
Depending on how your network is configured, you may be able to attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product directly to a network wall outlet using a LAN cable. See the diagram below. Note that the wall outlet is attached to a modem or router elsewhere in your house.
If you have a Dynamic Network, you should use an ADSL modem or router that supports the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP). Modems and routers that support DHCP automatically provide the IP address, subnet mask, gateway, and DNS values your product needs to RJ45The Modem Port on the Wall External Modem
(ADSL / VDSL)
Modem Cable LAN CableLAN
The Modem Port on the WallExternal Modem
(ADSL / VDSL)IP Sharer
(having DHCP server)LAN
Modem Cable LAN Cable LAN CableRJ45
The LAN Port on the WallLAN
LAN CableRJ45Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  131Network7
7 Networkaccess the Internet so you do not have to enter them manually. Most home networks are Dynamic 
Networks.
Some networks require a Static IP address. If your network requires a Static IP address, you must 
enter the IP address, subnet mask, gateway, and DNS values manually on your product Cable Setup Screen when you set up the network connection. To get the IP address, subnet mask, 
gateway, and DNS values, contact your Internet Service Provider (ISP). If you have a Windows 
computer, you can also get these values through your computer.
 
You can use ADSL modems that support DHCP if y our network requires a Static IP address. ADSL 
modems that support DHCP also let you use Static IP addresses.
 
7.1.2 Wired Network Settings
MENU   Network   Network Settings   ENTER
Set the network connection to use various Internet services such as AllShare  and perform software 
upgrades.
Automatic Network Setup
Use the Automatic Network Settings  when connecting your product to a network that supports DHCP. 
To set up your product cable network connection automatically, follow these steps.
How to set up automatically
1Go to the Network Settings  screen.
2Select Wired , press [ ], and then press [ ] again.
3The network test screen appears and verifies the network connection. When the connection has 
been verified, the “ Internet is connected successfully. ” message appears.
 
 If the connection process fails, check the LAN port connection.
 If the automatic process cannot find the network connection values or if you want to set the 
connection manually, go to the next secton, Manual Network Setup .
 O
/FUXPSL4FUUJOHT
8JSFE
8JSFMFTT	(FOFSBM
1SFWJPVT
/FYU
$BODFM814	1#$
0OF'PPU$POOFDUJPO$POOFDUUPUIFOFUXPSLVTJOH
-"/DBCMF1MFBTFNBLFTVSFUIBUUIF-"/DBCMFJTDPOOFDUFE4FMFDUBOFUXPSLDPOOFDUJPOUZQF
$POOFDUUPUIFOFUXPSLVTJO H
-"/DBCMF 1MFBTFNBLFTVS F
UIBUUIF-"/DBCMFJ TDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  132Network7
7 NetworkManual Network Setup
Use the Manual Network Setup when connecting your product to a network that requires a Static IP 
address.
Getting the Network Connection Values
To view the Network connection values on most Windows computers, follow these steps.
1Right click the Network icon on the bottom right of the screen.
2In the pop-up menu that appears, click Status.
3On the dialog that appears, click the Support tab.
4On the Support Tab, click the Details button. The Network connection values are displayed.
How to set up manuallyTo set up your product cable network connection manually, follow these steps.
1Go to the Network Settings  screen.
2Select Wired , press [ ], and then press [ ] again. The network test screen appears and the 
verification process starts.
3Press [ ]. The verification process stops. Select IP Settings  on network connection screen. The 
IP Settings  screen appears.
4Select the field at the top, press [ ], and then set IP Mode  to Manual .
5Press the  button on your remote to go to the IP Address entry field, and then press [ ].
6Enter the first portion of the IP Address  into the first entry field using the number
keys on your remote. Press the right arrow button to go to the next field.
7Enter the next portion of the IP Address . Press the right arrow button to go to the next field.
8Repeat the entry process for each field in the IP Address.
 
If you make a mistake when entering a number, re-enter the number to correct it. You can also 
press the up or down arrow button to change the number one unit at a time.
 
9When done entering the IP Address , press [ ].
10Press the down arrow key to go to the Subnet Mask  fields, and then press [ ].
11Repeat the same entry process for Subnet Mask , Gateway , and DNS Server .
12When done, select OK at the bottom of the page, and then press [ ]. The network test screen 
appears and the verification process starts. When the connection has been verified, the “Internet is 
connected successfully.” message appears.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  133Network7
7 Network7.1.3 Connecting to a Wireless Network
To connect your product to your wireless network, you need a wireless router or modem and a Samsung 
Wireless LAN adapter (WIS09ABGN, WIS09ABGN2 or  WIS10ABGN - sold separately), which you 
connect to your product back or side panel USB port . See the illustration below.
Samsung’s Wireless LAN adapter is sold separately and is offered by selected retailers, Ecommerce sites, and Samsungparts.com. Samsung’s Wireless LAN adapter supports the IEEE 802.11a/b/g and n communication protocols. Samsung recommends usin g IEEE 802.11n. When you play video over a 
network connection, the video may not play smoothly.
 
 You must use the “Samsung Wireless LAN adapter” (WIS09ABGN, WIS09ABGN2 or 
WIS10ABGN) to use a wireless network.
 The Samsung Wireless LAN Adapter and the USB extension Cable are sold separately and are 
offered by select retailers, Ecommerce sites, and Samsungparts.com.
 To use a wireless network, your product must be connected to a wireless IP sharer (either a router or a modem). If the wireless IP sharer supports DHCP, your product can use a DHCP or static IP address to connect to the wireless network.
 Select a channel for the wireless IP sharer that is not currently being used. If the channel set for the 
wireless IP sharer is currently being used by another device nearby, this will result in interference and communication failure.
 Your product supports only the follow ing wireless network security protocols:
 Authentication Mode : WEP, WPAPSK, WPA2PSK
 Encryption Type : WEP, TKIP, AES.
 If you select the Pure High-throughput (Greenfield) 802.11n mode and the Encryption type is set to WEP, TKIP or TKIP AES (WPS2Mixed) on your AP or wireless router, Samsung product will not 
support a connection in compliance with new Wi-Fi certification specifications.
 If your wireless router supports WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup), you can connect to the network via PBC (Push Button Configuration) or  PIN (Personal Identification Number). WPS will automatically 
configure the SSID and WPA key in either mode.
 If your router, modem, or device is not certified, it may not connect to the product via the “Samsung Wireless LAN adapter.”
 Ensure the product is turned on before you connect the Samsung Wireless LAN adapter.
 Connection Methods: You can setup the wireless network connection in five ways:
 Auto Setup (Using the Auto Network Search function)
 Manual SetupThe LAN Port on the WallWireless IP sharer
(router having DHCP server)
LAN Cable
Product Panel
Samsung Wireles LAN AdapterDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  134Network7
7 Network Ad Hoc
 WPS (PBC)
 One Foot Connection
 The product may not recognize the Samsung Wireless LAN adapter if you connect it to the 
product with a USB hub or USB extension cable other than the cable supplied with the product.
 
7.1.4 Wireless Network Setting
Automatic Network Setup
Most wireless networks have an op tional security system that requires devices that access the network 
to transmit an encrypted security code called an Access or Security Key . The Security Key is based on 
a Pass Phrase, typically a word or a series of letters and numbers of a specified length you were asked to 
enter when you set up security for yo ur wireless network. If you use this method of setting up the network 
connection, and have a Security Key  for your wireless network, you will have to ente r the Pass Phrase 
during the the automatic or manual setup process.
How to set up automatically
1Go to the Network Settings  screen.
2Select Wireless (General), press [ ], and then press [ ] again.
3The Network  function searches for available wireless networks. When done, it displays a list of the 
available networks.
4In the list of networks, press the  or  button to select a network, and then press the [ ] button 
twice.
 
If the wireless router is set to Hidden (Invisible), you have to select Add Network  and enter the 
correct Network Name (SSID)  and Security key  to establish the connection.
 
5If the Enter security key  screen appears, go to step 6. If you select a wireless router that does not 
have security, go to step 8.
6If the router has security, enter the Security key (Security key or PIN).
 
 When you enter the Security key  (Security key  or PIN) ,  u s e  /// b u t t o n s  o n  y o u r  
remote to select number/ characters. Press the [ ] button to enter the characters.
 You can also enter numbers by pressing the number buttons on your remote.
 
7When done, use the right arrow button to move the cursor to Next , and then press [ ].
8The network connection screen appears and the verification process starts. When the connection has been verified, the “Internet is connected successfully.” message appears.
 
 If the network does not accept the Security key  (Security key  or PIN), select Retry  or select 
IP Settings  to enter the settings manually.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  135Network7
7 Network If you want to set up the connection manually, select IP Settings. Then, go to the next 
section, “How to set up manually”.
 
Manual Network Setup
Use the Manual Network Setup when connecting your product to a network that requires a Static IP 
address or if the automatic connection process has failed.
Getting the Network Connection Values
To view the Network connection values on most Windows computers, follow these steps:
1Right click the Network icon on the bottom right of the screen.
2In the pop-up menu that appears, click Status.
3On the dialog that appears, click the Support tab.
4On the Support Tab, click the Details button. The Network connection values are displayed.
How to set up manually
To set up your product cable network connection manually, follow these steps:
1Go to the Network Settings  screen.
2Select Wireless (General), press [ ], and then press [ ] again.
3The Network  function searches for available wireless networks. When done, it displays a list of the 
available networks.
4In the list of networks, press the  or  button to select a network, and then press the [ ] button 
twice.
 
If the wireless router is set to Hidden (Invisible), you have to select Add Network  and enter the 
correct Network Name (SSID)  and Security key  to establish the connection.
 
5If the Enter security key screen appears, go to step 6. If you selected an wireless router that does not have security, go to step 8.
6Enter the Security key ( Security key  or PIN).
 
 When you enter the Security key  (Security key  or PIN) ,  u s e  t h e  /// b u t t o n s  o n  y o u r  
remote to select number/characters. Press [ ] to enter the characters.
 You can also enter numbers by pressing the number buttons on your remote.
 You should be able to find the Pass Phrase on one of the set up screens you used to set up 
your router or modem.
 
7When done, use the  button to move the cursor to Next , and then press the [ ] button.
8The network connection screen appears and the verification process starts. Press [ ] to cancel. 
Select IP Settings  on the network connection screen. The IP Settings  screen appears.
9Select the field on the top, press [ ], and then set IP Mode  to Manual .
10Press the  button on your remote to go to the IP Address  entry field, and then press [ ].Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  136Network7
7 Network11Enter the first portion of the IP Address  (for example, 105) into the first entry field using the number 
keys on your remote. Press the  button to go to the next field.
12Enter the next portion of the IP Address . Press the  button to go to the next field.
13Repeat the entry process for each field in the IP Address.
 
If you make a mistake when entering a number, re-enter the number to correct it. You can also 
press the  or  button to change the number one unit at a time.
 
14When done entering the IP Address , press [ ].
15Press the  button to go to the Subnet Mask  fields, and then press [ ].
16Repeat the same entry process for Subnet Mask , Gateway , and DNS Server .
17When done, select OK at the bottom of the page, and then press [ ]. The network connection 
screen appears and the verification process starts. When the connection has been verified, the 
“Internet is connected successfully.” message appears.
7.1.5 WPS(PBC)
How to set up using WPS(PBC)
If your router has a WPS(PBC) button, follow these steps:
1Go to Network Setting  screen.
2Select WPS(PBC) , press [ ], and then press [ ] again.
3Press the WPS(PBC)  button on your router within 2 minutes. Your product automatically acquires all 
the network setting values it needs and connects to your network.
4The network connection screen appears, and network setup is done.
7.1.6 One Foot Connection
The One Foot Connection  function lets you connect your Samsung product automatically to a Samsung 
wireless routers. If your wi reless router does not support One Foot Connection , you must connect using 
one of the other methods.
 
You can check for equipment that supports One Foot Connection  on www.samsung.com.
 
How to set up using One Foot Connection
1Turn on the Samsung wireless router and the product.
2Go to Network Settings screen.
3Select One Foot Connection , and press [ ], then press [ ] again.
4Place the wireless router in parallel with and no farther away than 25cm(about 9 3/4 inches) of Samsung Wireless Adapter.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  137Network7
7 Network 
If One Foot Connection  does not connect your product to your Router, a pop- up screen appears 
on the screen notifying you of the failure. If you want to try using One Foot Connection  again, 
reset the wireless router, and then try again from Step 1. You can also choose one of the other 
connection setup methods.
 
5The network connection screen appears, and network setup is done.
6Place the wireless router in a desired location.
 
If the wireless router’s settings change or you install a new wireless router, you must perform the 
One Foot Connection procedure again, beginning from Step 1.
 
7.1.7 Ad Hoc Network Setup
You can connect to a mobile device supporting Ad-hoc connections without a wireless router or AP 
through the product. When connected to a mobile device, you can use files on the device or connect to the Internet using the AllShare or Media  function.
How to set up using Ad hoc
1Go to Network Settings screen.
2Select Wireless (General), and press [ ], then press [ ] again.
3Select Ad hoc . The message “ Ad hoc service supports a direct connection with Wi-Fi 
compatible devices like a cell phone or PC. Other network services may be limited. Do you 
want to change the network connection? ” is displayed.
4Select OK, and press [ ]. The product searches for the mobile device.
5When the product finishes searching for your mobile device, input the generated Network Name 
(SSID)  and Security Key into the device you want to connect and then connect to the network
 
 If network does not operate normally, check the Network Name (SSID) and Security key 
again. An incorrect Security key may cause a malfunction.Priority QOS
This Priority QOS function is unique to Samsung wireless routers.You can connect a Samsung wireless router to many devices, such as laptops, mobile phones, BD 
players etc. But, when you connect a Samsung product to a Samsung wireless router, the Samsung 
wireless router gives the Samsung product a priority connection.
This ensures you get the highest quality streaming contents and the fastest throughput speed.
Priority QOS makes your product faster by giving it priority bandwidth. (Priority QOS is optional. 
You can turn it on and off.)
Because your Samsung product has a priority connection, you can enjoy HD content without 
buffering.
 
The connection speed may vary based on the network environment.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  138Network7
7 Network If a device is connected once, it is displayed in the Network Setting list. When you connect to 
it again, you can find it in the list.
 
7.2 Network Status
MENU   Network   Network Status   ENTER
You can check the current network and Internet status.
7.3 AllShare Settings
MENU    Network   AllShare Settings   ENTER
Media  (On / Off): Enables or disables the media function. When the media function is on, you can control 
Media contents play using mobile phones or other devices that support DLNA DMC.
7.3.1 Media
Shows a list of mobile phones or connected devices which have been set up to use the Media  function 
with this product.
 
The Media function is available in all devices which support DLNA DMC.
 
Allowed  / Denied : Allows/Blocks the devices.O m 
Network
Network Settings
Network StatusAllShare SettingsMagicInfo Lite Settings
O m 
"MM4IBSF4FUUJOHT
.FEJB 0GGDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  139Network7
7 NetworkDelete: Deletes the devices from the list.
 
This function only deletes the name of the device from the list. If the deleted device is turned on or 
tries to connect to the product, it may appear on the list again.
 
Using the Media Function
An alarm window appears informing you that media contents (videos, photos, music) sent from a mobile 
phone will be displayed on your prod uct. The contents are played auto matically 3 seconds after the alarm 
window appears. If you press the RETURN  or EXIT  button when the alarm window appears, the media 
contents are not played.
 
 The first time a device accesses your product through the media function, a warning popup 
window appears. Press the [ ] button to select Allow . This permits the phone to access the 
product freely and use the Media  function to play content.
 To turn off media contents transmissions from a mobile phone, set Media  to Off  in the AllShare 
Settings .
 Contents may not play on your product depending on their resolution and format.
 The [ ] and /  buttons may not work depending on the type of media content.
 Using the mobile device, you can control the media play. For details, refer to each mobile’s user’s 
guide.
 
7.4 MagicInfo Lite Settings
MENU   Network   MagicInfo Lite Settings   ENTER []
1Server
Setting the MagicInfo Lite server IP
Enter the server IP address and port number.
Use 7001 as the port number.
 
If unable to connect to the server using port number 7001, check with your server 
administrator to find the correct port number and then change the port number.
 
FTP Mode
Select an FTP operating mode: Active  or Passive .
Default Storage
Specify the default memory to save schedules or content sent from the server to.
If the default storage space is set to USB, a schedule will not run if a USB device is not 
connected.
Send a notification message to the server when internal memory is used up.
2StorageO m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  140Network7
7 NetworkInternal Memory : Displays the space currently being used or deletes all content.
USB: Displays the space currently being used.
3Slideshow
Image Viewer Time : Sets the time length you want to display images played from Local 
Schedule  or by one of the auto playback functions.
PPT Viewer Time: Sets the time length you want to display each page of a document file 
played from Local Schedule  or by one of the auto playback functions.
Image Effect : Configures the image transition effects
Fade1 , Fade2 , Blind , Spiral , Checker , Linear, Stairs , Wipe , Random , None
4 Schedule Name
Select a schedule title format when creating a local schedule:
YYYYMMDD , YYYYDDMM  or DDMMYYYY
5Safely Remove USB
Safely removes USB memory.
6Information
Device Name : Displays the name of a device recognized by the server.
Serial Number : Displays the original identification number of a device.
Software Version : Displays the software version of a device
 
Refer to page 116 for details about the MagicInfo Lite Player Guide  menu.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1418 System8 System
8.1 Multi Control
MENU   System   Multi Control   ENTER
Assign an individual ID to your product.
8.1.1 Configuring settings for Multi Control
MDC Connection
Select a method to connect to MDC to receive the MDC signal.
RS232C MDCCommunicate with MDC via the RS232C-stereo cable.
RJ45 MDCCommunicate with MDC via the RJ45 cable.
ID SetupAssign an ID to a set. (Range: 0~99)
Press  or  to select a number, and press [ ].
ID Input
Enter the ID number of the product connected to the input cable for input signal reception.
Enter the number you want using the number buttons on the remote control.
 
Refer to page 65 for details about the MDC  menu.
 O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  142System8
8 System8.2 Time
MENU   System   Time   ENTER
You can configure Clock Set  or Sleep Timer . You can also set the product to automatically turn on or off 
at a specified time using the Timer  function.
8.2.1 Clock set
Set the clock to use the various various timer features of the product.
 
If you disconnect the power cord, you have to set the clock again.
 
Changing the Setting for Clock
 Clock Set
Set the Date  and Time .
Select Clock Set . Select Date  or Time , and then press [ ]. Use the number buttons to enter 
numbers or press the up and down arrow buttons. Use the left and right arrow buttons to move from 
one entry field to the next. Press [ ] when done. To exit Clock Set,  select Close , and then press 
[] .
 
 You can set the Date  and Time  directly by pressing the number buttons on the remote 
control.
 
8.2.2 Sleep Timer
Automatically shuts off the product after a preset period of time. ( 30 min / 60 min / 90 min / 120 min / 
150 min / 180 min).
 
Use the up and down arrows to select a period of time, and then press [ ]. To cancel Sleep Timer , 
select Off.
 
8.2.3 On Timer
Set On Timer  so that your product turns on automatically at a time and on a day of your choosing.
On Timer : You can set up three separate On Timer  configurations. (On Timer 1 , On Timer 2 , On 
Timer 3 )
 
You must set the clock before you can use On Timer .
 
Setup : Select Off, Once , Everyday , Mon~Fri , Mon~Sat , Sat~Sun  or Manual.  If you select 
Manual , you can choose the days you want On Timer  to turn on your product.O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  143System8
8 System 
The check mark indicates days you’ve selected.
 
Time : Set the hour and minute. Use the number buttons or the up and down arrow keys to 
enter numbers. Use the left and right arrow buttons to change entry fields.
Volume : Set the desired volume level. Use the left and right arrow buttons to change the 
volume level.
Source : Select the input source of your choice.
Music  / Photo  (when the Source  is set to USB): Select a folder in the USB device containing 
music or photo files you want played when the product on automatically.
 
 If there is no music file on the USB device or you don’t select a folder containing a music file, 
the Timer function does not operate correctly.
 If there is only one photo file in the USB, the Slide Show will not play.
 If a folder name is too long, the folder cannot be selected.Each USB you use is assigned its own folder. When using more than one of the same type of USB, make sure the folders assigned to each USB have different names.
 We recommend that you use a USB memory stick and a multi card reader when using On 
Timer . The On Timer  function may not work with USB devices with a built-in battery, MP3 
players, or PMPs made by some manufacturers because the product can take too long to recognize these devices.
 
8.2.4 Off Timer
You can set up three separate Off Timer  configurations. ( Off Timer 1 , Off Timer 2 , Off Timer 3 )
 
You must set the clock before you can use Off Timer .
 Setup : Select Off , Once , Everyday , Mon~Fri , Mon~Sat , Sat~Sun  or Manual . If you select 
Manual , you can choose the days you want Off Timer  to turn off your product.
 
The check mark indicates days you’ve selected.
 
 Time : Set the hour and minute. Use the number buttons or the up and down arrow keys to enter 
numbers. Use the left and right arrow buttons to change entry fields.
 
8.2.5 Holiday Management
Timer will be disabled during a period specified as a holiday.
Setting Holiday Management
Add: Specify the period you want to add as a holiday.
Select the start and end dates of the holiday you want to add using the /  buttons, and click 
the Save  button.
-Start : Set the start date of the holiday.
-End: Set the end date of the holiday.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  144System8
8 System-Delete : Delete all items from the list of holidays.
Select Delete. The message " Delete all holidays? " will appear.
Select Yes. All holidays will be deleted.
Apply : Set the On Timer  and Off Timer  to not activate on public holidays.
Press ENTER [ ] to select the On Timer  and Off Timer  settings you do not want to activate.
The selected On Timer  and Off Timer  will not activate.
 
To create a holiday that starts at the end of a year an d finishes at the beginning of the following year, the 
date must be set as shown below.
 E.g.) 12/30 – 12/31, 01/01 – 01/10
 
8.3 Menu Language
MENU   System   Menu Language  ENTER
Set the menu language. 
 
A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display. It will not be applied 
to other functions on your PC.
 O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  145System8
8 System8.4 Eco Solution
MENU  System   Eco Solution  ENTER
8.4.1 Energy Saving
Save power with the Energy Saving  feature.
While Energy Saving mode is active, the product power consumption will be controlled to save power.
Off / Low / Medium  / High  / Picture Off
8.4.2 Eco Sensor (Off / On)
To enhance your power savings, the picture settings will automatically adapt to the light in the room.
 
If you adjust Backlight  in the Picture  menu, Eco Sensor will be set to Off.
 
Min. Backlight : When Eco sensor  is On, you can manually adjust the minimum screen brightness.
 
If Eco Sensor  is On, the display brightness may change (b ecome slightly darker or brighter) 
depending on the surrounding light intensity. Y ou can control the screen’s minimum brightness 
with the Min. Backlight  function.
 O m 
&DP4PMVUJPO
&OFSHZ4BWJOH
&DP4FOTPS/P4JHOBM1PXFS0GG"VUP1PXFS0GG0GG0GG
NJO
0GGDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  146System8
8 System8.4.3 No Signal Power Off
To avoid unnecessary energy consumption, you can set how long you want the product to remain on if 
it’s not receiving a signal.
Off / 15 min.  / 30 min.  / 60 min.
 
 Disabled when an attached PC is in power saving mode.
 
8.4.4 Auto Power Off (Off / On)
The product will automatically turn off if you don’t press a button on the remote or touch a button on product front panel within 4 hours to prevent overheating.
8.5 Security
MENU   System   Security   ENTER
Every time you access the Security functions, the PIN screen will appear and the default PIN number is “0-0-0-0". The PIN screen closes and the Security  menu appears.
8.5.1 Safety Lock (Off / On)
Lock channels, to prevent unauthorized users, such as children, from watching unsuitable program.
All the menus and buttons of the product and remote control, except for the LOCK  button on the remote 
control, will be locked by the Safety Lock  function. To unlock the menus and buttons, press the LOCK  
button and then enter the password (default password: 0 - 0 - 0 - 0).
8.5.2 Button Lock (Off / On)
This menu can be used to lock the buttons on the product. Only the remote control can control the 
product if Button Lock is set to On.O m 
4FDVSJUZ
0GG
0GG4BGFUZ-PDL#VUUPO-PDL$IBOHF1*/Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  147System8
8 System8.5.3 Change PIN
The Change PIN  screen will appear. Choose any 4 digi ts for your PIN and enter it in Enter New PIN . Re-
enter the same 4 digits in Confirm New PIN . When the Confirm screen disappears, press the Close  
button. The product has memorized your new PIN.
8.6 PIP
MENU   System   PIP  ENTER
 
 If you have set ,  mode in PIP (Picture-in-Picture), you cannot adjust the Picture Size.
 For PIP sound, refer to the Sound Select  instructions.
 If you turn the product off while watching in the PIP mode, the PIP function is reset to off. When 
you turn your product on, you must turn PIP on again to watch in the PIP mode.
 You may notice that the picture in the PIP screen becomes slightly unnatural when you use the main screen to view a game or karaoke.
 
PIP Settings
The picture from the external video source will be  in the main sc reen and the picture from the 
product will be in the PIP sub-picture screen.
PIP (Off / On ): Activate or deactivate the PIP function.
Size ( , , , , ): Select a size for the subpicture.
Position  ( , , , ): Select a position for the sub-picture.
 
In , ,  mode, you cannot select Position.
 
Sound Select  (Main  / Sub): You can choose to listen to the sound from the Main  picture or the 
Sub picture.Main picture Sub picture
PC AV
AV PC, HDMI, DVI, DP,MagicInfo(HDMI)
HDMI, DVI, DP, MagicInfo(HDMI) AVO m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  148System8
8 System8.7 Auto Protection Time
MENU   System   Auto Protection Time  ENTER
If the screen displays a still image for a certain period of time you define, the product ac tivates the screen 
saver to prevent the formation of burnt in ghost images on the screen.
Off / 2 hours  / 4 hours  / 8 hours  / 10 hoursO m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  149System8
8 System8.8 Screen Burn Protection
MENU   System   Screen Burn Protection  ENTER
To reduce the possibility of screen burn, this unit is equipped with Pixel Shift  screen burn prevention 
technology. Pixel Shift  moves the picture slightly on the screen. The Pixel Shift  Time setting allows you 
to program the time between movements of the picture in minutes.
8.8.1 Pixel Shift
To prevent after-images on the screen, you can use this function to have pixels move on the LCD in the 
horizontal or vertical direction.
 
Available Pixel Shift Settings and Optimum Settings
 
 
 The Pixel Shift  value may differ depending on the product size (inches) and mode.
 This function is not available in the Screen Fit  mode.
 
Horizontal: Sets how many pixels the screen moves horizontally.
Vertical : Sets how many pixels th e screen moves vertically.
Time : Set the time interval for performing the horizontal or vertical movement, respectively.
8.8.2 Timer
You can set the timer for Screen Burn Protection .
If you start the operation to erase any residual image, the operation will be performed for the set period of time and then automatically finish.Available SettingsOptimum Settings for AV/
Component/HDMI/PC
Horizontal 0~4 (pixels) 4
Vertical 0~4 (pixels) 4
Time  (minute) 1~4 min 4 minO m 
Screen Burn Protection
Pixel Shift
TimerPixelSide GrayOn
Off
OffDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  150System8
8 SystemMode : You can change the Safety Screen  Type.
Period: Use this function to set the execution period for each mode set in the timer.
Time : Within the set period of time specify a time for execution.
8.8.3 Pixel
This function prevents after-images by moving many pixels on the screen.
8.8.4 Side Gray
Select the brightness of the grey for the screen background.
Off / Light  / DarkDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  151System8
8 System8.9 Video Wall
MENU   System   Video Wall   ENTER
Customize the layout of multiple displays that are connected to form a video wall. In addition, display part 
of a whole picture or repeat the same picture on each of the connected multiple displays. To display multiple images, refer to MDC Help or the MagicInfo user guide. Some models may not support the 
MagicInfo function.
 
 If more than four displays are connected horizontal ly and vertically, it is recommended that you use 
an input resolution of XGA (1024 x 768) level or higher to prevent a dark picture due to degradation 
in the contrast or color intensity.
 To play 3D content when Video Wall  is set to On, a multi HD player (MHP) is required.
 
8.9.1 Video Wall
You can activate or deactivate Video Wall . To organize a video wall, select On.
8.9.2 Format
Select a format to display im ages on multiple displays.
Full : Display images in full screen.
Natural  : Display images at the original resolution without enlarging or reducing.
 
 The Screen Position  option is only enabled when Video Wall  is set to On.
 
8.9.3 Horizontal
This function automatically divides the screen according to the specified number of horizontal displays. 
Enter the number of horizontally ar ranged displays. The horizontal screen will au tomatically be divided O m 
Video Wall
Video Wall
· Format· Horizontal· Vertical· Screen PositionOff
Full
11Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  152System8
8 Systemaccording to the number entered. A maximum of 15 displays can be assigned to the horizontal 
arrangement.
 
 The screen can be divided into a maximum of  100 screens (horizontal and vertical screens 
multiplied). For example, if the horizontal arrangement  is set to 15, a maximum of 6 displays can be 
assigned to the vertical arrangement. Conversely, if the vertical arrangement is set to 15, a 
maximum of 6 displays can be assigned to the horizontal arrangement.
 The Screen Position  option is only enabled when Video Wall  is set to On.
 
8.9.4 Vertical
This function automatically divides the screen according to the specified number of vertical displays. 
Enter the number of vertically arranged displays. The vertical screen will automatically be divided 
according to the number entered. A maximum of 15 displays can be assigned to the vertical arrangement.
 
 The screen can be divided into a maximum of  100 screens (horizontal and vertical screens 
multiplied). For example, if the horizontal arrangement  is set to 15, a maximum of 6 displays can be 
assigned to the vertical arrangement. Conversely, if the vertical arrangement is set to 15, a 
maximum of 6 displays can be assigned to the horizontal arrangement.
 The Screen Position  option is only enabled when Video Wall  is set to On.
 
8.9.5 Screen Position
You can customize the arrangement of split screens by moving displays identified with a number using 
the Screen Position  function.
Select Screen Position to display the arrangement of displays (identified with a number) specified 
according to the Horizontal or Vertical settings. To customize the arrangement, move a number (display) 
using the direction buttons on the remote control and press [ ].
 
 A maximum of 100 displays can be arranged in Screen Position.
 The Screen Position  option is only enabled when Video Wall  is set to On.
 The Screen Position  window is only displayed when Horizontal  and Vertical  are configured.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  153System8
8 System8.10 Source AutoSwitch Settings
MENU   System   Source AutoSwitch Settings   ENTER
Turning on the display with Source AutoSwitch  On, and the previous video source selection is not 
active, the display will automatically search the different video input sources for active video.
Source AutoSwitch
When the Source AutoSwitch  is On, the display video source will automatically be searched for 
active video.
The Primary Source  selection will be activated, if the current video source is not recognized.
Secondary Source selection will become active, if no primary video source is available.If both the primary and secondary input sources are not recognized, the display will perform two 
searches for an active source, each search checking the primary and then secondary source. If both searches fail, the display will return to the first video source and display a message indicating that 
there is no signal.
When the Primary Source  selection is set to All, the display will search all the video source inputs 
twice in sequence looking for an active video source, returning back to the first video source in the 
sequence if no video is found.
Press /  to select the option you want and press [ ].
Primary Source
Specify Primary Source  for the automatic input source.
Secondary SourceSpecify Secondary Source for the automatic input source.O m 
Source AutoSwitch Settings
Source AutoSwitch
· Primary Source· Secondary SourceOff
All
PCDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  154System8
8 System8.11 General
MENU   System   General   ENTER
8.11.1 Max. Power Saving
Turns off the product to reduce power consumption after the PC has been left idle for a specified period 
of time.
8.11.2 Game Mode
When connecting to a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™, you can enjoy a more realistic gaming experience by selecting game mode.
 
 Precautions and limitations for Game Mode
 To disconnect the game console and connect another external device, set Game Mode  to 
Off inthe System  menu.
 If you display the product menu in Game Mode , the screen shakes slightly.
 Game Mode  is not available when the input source is set to PC.
 After connecting the game console, set Game Mode  to On. Unfortunately, you may notice 
reduced picture quality.
 If Game Mode  is On
 Picture Mode  is set to Standard and Sound Mode  is set to Movie .
 O m 
General
Max. Power Saving
Game ModeBD WiseAuto PowerStandby ControlLamp ScheduleOSD DisplayOn
Off
On
Off
Auto
OffDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  155System8
8 System8.11.3 BD Wise
Provides the optimal picture quality for Samsung DVD, Blu-ray and Home Theater products which 
support BD Wise . When BD Wise  is turned On, the picture mode is automatically changed to the 
optimal resolution.
 
Available when you connect Samsung products that support BD Wise  through an HDMI cable to the 
product.
 
8.11.4 Auto Power
Enabling this option will automa tically power on the product if the power cable is connected.
8.11.5 Standby Control
You can set the screen standby mode to be applied when an input signal is received.
Auto
Power-saving mode will activate if no input signals are detected ev en though a sour ce device is 
connected to the display.
The message " No Signal " will appear if no source device is connected.
On
Power-saving mode will activate if no input signals are detected.
OffThe message " No Signal " will appear if no inpu t signals are detected.
 
 The Standby Control option is only enabled when Source is set to PC  or DVI .
 If "No Signal " is displayed although a source device is connected, check the cable 
connection. Refer to page 50 for details about connecting source devices.
 
8.11.6 Lamp Schedule
Enables the lamp value to be adjusted to a user-specified value at a specified time in MDC mode.
8.11.7 OSD Display
Displays or hides a menu item on the screen.
Source OSD  / No Signal OSD  / MDC OSDDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  156System8
8 System8.11.8 Power On Adjustment
You can set the warm-up time for the screen to turn on after the power button is pressed. (Range: 0 – 50 
seconds)
 
A warm-up time that is too short may damage the product due to overvoltage.
 
8.11.9 Temperature Control
Temperature Control
This function detects the internal temperature of the product. You can specify the temperature range 
that is acceptable.
The default temperature is set to 77 C.
The recommended operating temperature for this product is 75 to 80 C (based on an ambient 
temperature of 40 C). 
 
The screen will become darker if the current temper ature exceeds the specified temperature limit. If 
the temperature continues to rise, the prod uct will power off to prevent overheating.
 
8.11.10 Device Name
Selet or enter a Device Name. This name can be shown on network remote controls over the network.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  157System8
8 System8.12 Anynet+(HDMI-CEC)
MENU   System   Anynet+(HDMI-CEC)  ENTER
8.12.1 Anynet+(HDMI-CEC)
What is Anynet+?
Anynet+ is a function that enables you to control all connected Samsung devices that support Anynet+ 
with your Samsung product remote . The Anynet+ system can be used only with Samsung devices that 
have the Anynet+ feature. To be sure your Samsung device has this feature, check if there is an Anynet+ 
logo on it.
 
 You can only control Anynet+ devices using the product remote control, not the buttons on the 
product.
 The product remote control may not work under certain conditions. If this occurs, reselect the Anynet+ device.
 The Anynet+ functions do not operate with other manufacturers’ products.
 For instructions explaining how to connect Anynet+ external devices, refer to the device’s user manual You must connect an Anynet+ device using an HDMI cable. Some HDMI cables may not support Anynet+ functions.
 Anynet+ works when the AV device supporting Anynet+ is in the standby or on status.
 Anynet+ supports up to 12 AV devices in total. Note that you can connect up to 3 devices of the same type.
 However, you can connect only one Anynet+ Home Theater. To connect an Anynet+ Home Theate, connect the Home Theater to th e product using an HDMI cable then.
 
Anynet+ Menu
The Anynet+ menu changes depending on the type and status of the Anynet+ devices connected to the 
product.
Anynet+ Menu Description
View PC Changes Anynet+ mode to PC mode.
Device List Shows the Anynet+ device list.
(device_name) MENU Shows the menu of the connected device menus. E.g. if a DVD player is 
connected, the disc menu of  the DVD player will appear.O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  158System8
8 System8.12.2 Auto Turn Off
Setting an Anynet+ Device to turn Off automatically when the product is turned off.
 
The active source on the product remote must be set to product to use the Anynet+ function. If you set 
Auto Turn Off  to Yes, connected external devices are also turned off when the product is turned off. If 
an external device is still record ing, it may or may not turn off.
 
Switching between Anynet+ Devices
1Press the TOOLS  button, select Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) , and then press [ ].
2Select Device List , and then press the [ ] button.
 
If you cannot find a device you want, select Refresh  to refresh the list.
 
3Select a device, and then press the [ ] button. You can switch to the selected device.
 
The Device List  menu appears only when you set Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)  to On in the System  
menu.
 Switching to the selected device may take up to 2 minutes. You cannot cancel the switching 
operation while switching is in progress.
 If you have selected an Anynet+ device by pressing the SOURCE  button and then selecting 
its input source, you cannot use the Anynet+ function. Make sure to switch to an Anynet+ device by using the Device List .
 (device_name) Tools Shows the tools menu of the connected device. E.g. if a DVD player is 
connected, the tools menu of the DVD player will appear.
 
Depending on the device, this menu may not be available.
 
(device_name) Title Menu Shows the title menu of the disc in the connected device. E.g. If a DVD 
player is connected, the title menu of the movie in the DVD player will 
appear.
 
Depending on the device, this menu may not be available.
 Anynet+ Menu DescriptionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  159System8
8 SystemListening through a Receiver
You can listen to sound through a receiver (i.e Home Theater) instead of the Internal Speaker .
1Select Receiver  and set to On.
2Press the EXIT  button to exit.
 
 If your receiver supports audio only, it  may not appear in the device list.
 When the receiver (i.e Home Theater) is set to On, you can hear sound output from the 
product Optical jack. When the source is a digital component such as a DVD player and it is connected to the product via HDMI, you will hear only 2 channel sound from the receiver.
 
Troubleshooting for Anynet+
Problem Possible Solution
Anynet+ does not work. Check if the device is an Anyn et+ device. The Anynet+ system 
supports Anynet+ devices only.
You can connect only one receiver (home theater).
Check if the Anynet+ device power cord is properly connected.
Check the Anynet+ device’s Video/Audio/HDMI cable 
connections.
Check whether Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) is set to On in the 
Anynet+setup menu.
Check whether the remote control is Anynet+ compatible.
If you have removed and then reconnected the HDMI cable, please make sure to se arch devices again or turn your product off 
and on again.
Check if the Anynet+ function of the Anynet device is set on.
I want to start Anynet+. Check if the Anynet+ device is properly connected to the product and check if the Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) is set to On in the 
Anynet+ Setup menu.
Press the TOOLS  button to display the Anynet+ menu and select 
a menu you want.
I want to exit Anynet+. Select View PC  in the Anynet+ menu.
Press the SOURCE  button on the product remote control and 
select a non- Anynet+ device.
The message “Connecting to 
Anynet+ device...” appears on 
the screen.You cannot use the remote control when you are configuring 
Anynet+ or switching to a view mode.
Use the remote control after the product has completed Anynet+ configuration or has finished switching to Anynet+.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  160System8
8 System8.12.3 Receiver
Sound is played through the receiver.The connected device is not 
displayed.Check whether or not the device supports Anynet+ functions.
Check whether or not the HDMI cable is properly connected.
Check whether Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)  is set to On in the Anynet+ 
setup menu.
Search Anynet+ devices again.
Anynet+ requires an HDMI connection. Make sure the device is 
connected to your product with an HDMI cable.
Some HDMI cables may not support Anynet+ functions.
If the connection is terminated because there has been a power failure or the HDMI cable has been disconnected, please repeat the device scan.
The product sound is not 
output through the receiver.
Connect the optical cable between product and the receiver.Problem Possible SolutionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  161System8
8 System8.13 DivX® Video On Demand
MENU   System   DivX® Video On Demand  ENTER
Shows the registration code authorized for the product. If you connect to the DivX web site and register 
using that code, you can download the VOD registration file.
 
For more information about DivX® VOD, visit “http://vod.divx.com”.
 
8.14 Network Remote Control
MENU   System   Network Remote Control  ENTER
Turn on/off or give permission to Samsung mobile phone devices to connect with and control the product.
You must have a Samsung Mobile phone/device which supports Wireless Remote Control. For more 
details, refer to each device’s manual.
8.15 Reset System
MENU   System   Reset System  ENTER
This option returns the current settings under system to the default factory settings.
8.16 Reset All
MENU   System   Reset All   ENTER
This option returns all the current settings for a display to the default factory settings.O m 
O m 
O m 
O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1629 Support9 Support
9.1 Software Upgrade
MENU   Support   Software Upgrade   ENTER
The Software Upgrade  menu lets you upgrade your product software to the latest version.
Current Version: This is the software version already installed in the product.
 
Be careful not to turn off the power until the upgrade is complete. The product will turn off and on 
automatically after completing the software upgrade. When you upgrade software, all video and audio 
settings you have made will return to their defaul t settings. We advise you to write down your settings 
so that you can easily reset them after the upgrade.
 
9.1.1 By USB
To upgrade by USB, follow these steps:
1Visit www.samsung.com.
2Download the latest USB software upgrade exe archive to your computer.
3Extracts the exe archive to your computer. You should have a single folder with the same name as 
the exe file.
4Copy the folder to a USB flash drive.
5Turn on the product, and then insert the USB flash drive into the USB port of the product.
6In the product menu, go to Support   Software Upgrade .
7Select By USB .
 
Please be careful not to remove the USB drive until the upgrade is complete.
 
9.1.2 Alternative Software
The Alternative Software  option lets you upgrade using a file the product downloaded earlier, but you 
decided not to install immediately, or a file downloaded by the product in Standby Mode. To upgrade By 
Alternative Software , follow these steps.
1If upgrade software has been downloaded, you will see the softwa re version nu mber to the right of 
Alternative Software .
2Select Alternative Software , and then press the [ ] button.
3The product displays a message asking if you want to upgrade. Select Yes. The product begins the 
upgrade.
4When the upgrade is complete, the product turns off automatically, and then turns on.O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  163Support9
9 Support9.2 Contact Samsung
MENU   Support   Contact Samsung   ENTER
View this information when your product does not work properly or when you want to upgrade the 
software. You can find information regarding our call centers and how to download products and software.O m Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16410 MagicInfo Lite10 MagicInfo Lite
10.1 File Formats Compatible with MagicInfo Lite Player
10.1.1 Video / Audio[Read before using MagicInfo Lite Player ]
Supported USB-device file systems include FAT16 and FAT32 . (NTFS is not supported.)
A file with a vertical and horizontal resolution larger than the maximum resolution cannot be 
played.
Check the vertical and horizontal resolution of the file.
Video that does not contain audio data is not supported. Check that the video file contains audio 
data.
Check the supported video and audio Codec types and Versions.
Check the supported file versions.
Flash version up to 10.1 is supported
PowerPoint version up to 97 – 2007 is supported
Content with a size of 2GB or larger cannot be assigned to Network Schedule .
File 
ExtensionContainer Video Codec ResolutionFrame
rate(fps)Bit rate
(Mbps)Audio
Codec
*.avi
*.mkvAVI
MKVDivX 3.11 / 4.x / 5.1 / 
6.01920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
MP3 / AC3 / 
LPCM /
ADPCM / DTS 
CoreH.264 BP / MP / HP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
MPEG4 SP / ASP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
Motion JPEG 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
*.asf ASFDivX 3.11 / 4.x / 5.1 / 
6.01920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
MP3 / AC3 / 
LPCM /
ADPCM /WMAH.264 BP / MP / HP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
MPEG4 SP / ASP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
Motion JPEG 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
*.wmv ASFWindow Media 
Video v91920x1080 6 ~ 30 25 WMA
*.mp4 MP4H.264 BP / MP / HP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25MP3 / ADPCM 
/ AACMPEG4 SP / ASP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  165MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite*.3gp 3GPPH.264 BP / MP / HP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25 ADPCM / AAC 
/ 
HE-AACMPEG4 SP / ASP 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 8
*.vroVRO
VOBMPEG1 352x288 24 / 25 / 30 30AC3 / MPEG / 
LPCMMPEG2 1920x1080 24 / 25 / 30 30
*.mpg
*.mpegPSMPEG1 352x288 24 / 25 / 30 30
AC3 / MPEG / 
LPCM / AACMPEG2 1920x1080 24 / 25 / 30 30
H.264 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
*.ts
*.tp
*.trpTSMPEG2 1920x1080 24 / 25 / 30 30AC3 / AAC /
MP3 / DD+ / 
HE-AACH.264 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
VC1 1920x1080 6 ~ 30 25
Video
Video content without audio is not supported.
3D video is not supported.
Content with a resolution larger than the resolution specified in the table above is not supported.
Video content with a Bit rate or Frame rate larger than the rate specified in the table above can 
cause choppy video during playback.
H.264 Level 4.1 or lower is supported.
H.264 FMO/ASO/RS, VC1 SP/MP/AP L4, AVCHD are not supported.
MPEG4 SP/ASP
1280 x 720 or smaller : Max. 60 frames / Larger than 1280 x 720 : Max. 30 frames
GMC 2 or higher is not supported.
Audio
Audio content without video is not supported.
(Only mp3 files are supported as background music for image/PPT slideshows. This feature is 
available only when using the network schedule menu.)
Audio content with a Bit rate or Frame rate larger than the rate specified in the table above can 
cause choppy audio during playback.
WMA 7, 8, 9 STD or lower is supported.
WMA 9 PRO does not support lossless audio and multi-channel audio higher than 2 channels.
WMA sampling rate 22050Hz mono is not supported.File 
ExtensionContainer Video Codec ResolutionFrame
rate(fps)Bit rate
(Mbps)Audio
CodecDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  166MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo LiteImage
Compatible image file format : Jpeg
Supported maximum resolution : 15,360 x 8640
Supported image effects : 8 effects (Fade1, Fade2, Blind, Spiral, Checker, Linear, Stairs, Wipe)
Flash
Compatible with Flash 10.1
Flash Animation
Compatible file format : SWF
Resolution : 1280 x 720
Caution
-Performance comparable to Flash Player on  a Windows operatin g system cannot be 
guaranteed
-Optimization is needed during content creation
Flash Video
Compatible file format : FLV
Video
-Codec : H.264 BP
-Resolution : 1920 x 1080
Audio
-Codec : H.264 BP
Caution-F4V file format is not supported
-Screen Video is not supportedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  167MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo LitePower Point
Compatible docume nt file formats
Extension : ppt, pptx
Version : Office 97 ~ Office 2007
Functions not supported
Animation effect
3D shapes (which will be displayed in 2D)
Header and footer (some subitems are not supported)
Word Art
Align (A group alignment error may occur)
Office 2007 (SmartArt is not fully supported. 97 out of 115 subitems are supported.)
Object insertion
Opening encrypted documents
Vertical text (some subitems are not supported)
Slide notes and handoutDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  168MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.2 Network Schedule
10.2.1 Connecting to a server
To use the MagicInfo Lite Server , the clock on the monitor must be set through the server (web).
To use local schedules and AutoPlay  only, without using the MagicInfo Lite Server , the clock must be 
set using the remote control.
Network setup
To run MagicInfo Lite, connect to a network.
 
Refer to 130 page for details about the Network Settings  menu. 
 
Server setup
Go to MENU   Network   MagicInfo Lite Settings   Server . Next, enter the server information.
(E.g.: http://192.168.0.10:7001/MagicInfo/)
Configuring the FTP mode and default storage space
Default Storage : Specify the location you want to save content (downloaded from the server) to.
Internal Memory : Save the content to the internal memory of the product.
USB memory: Save the content to USB memory.
 
If a network schedule is running when USB memory  is not connected, the default content will run.
 
MagicInfo Lite
Server
Server AddressPortAccess Periodically
192.168.0.10
7001
Apply CancelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  169MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.2.2 MagicInfo Lite Settings
 MENU   Media   MagicInfo Lite   ENTER  []
 
Press the MagicInfo Lite  button on the remote control.
 
You can view whether the server is connected (approval) in the MagicInfo Lite  menu screen. To view 
whether the server is connected when a network schedule is running, press INFO  on the remote.
10.2.3 Approving a connected device from the server
1Access the server you have assigned to your device.
2Enter your ID and password to log in.O m 
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
Disconnected
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  170MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite3Select Device  from the top menu bar.
4Select Lite Device  from the menus on the left.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  171MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite5Select View Unapproved Lite Device  from the sub-menus of Lite Device .
6Select the Approve button for your device from the list of unapproved Lite devices.
 
Pressing the INFO  button on the remote when a network schedule is running will display the 
details of the schedule. Check that the correct de vice has been selected by viewing the device ID 
in the details.
 
7Enter the information required to approve the device.
Device Name : Enter the device name.
Device Model Name : Select your device model.
Device Group : Select  to specify the group.
Location : Enter the current location of the device.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  172MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite8Select the View All Lite Device  menu to check that the device has been registered.
9When the device is approved by the server, the schedule registered in the selected group will be 
downloaded to the device . The schedule will run af ter it is downloaded.
 
 For further details on how to configure a schedule, refer to the <MagicInfo server user's manual>.
 If a device is deleted from the list of devices approved by the server, the device will reboot to reset 
its settings.
 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  173MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.2.4 Setting the current time
A schedule may not run if the time set on the device is different from the server's current time.
1Go to the tabs Device  Time .
2Select your device.
3Select Clock Set , and sync the time with the server.
 
For further details on how to manage the time (scheduling, holiday management, etc.), refer to the 
<MagicInfo server user's manual>.
 
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  174MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.3 Local Schedule
Run a schedule created by Local Schedule Manager .
Go to Local Schedule Manager  Select the content you want to run
 
This menu is disabled if no schedule was created by Local Schedule Manager .
 
1Select Local Schedule Manager in the MagicInfo Lite menu screen.
2Run a schedule created by local schedule.
10.4 Local Schedule Manager
Configure the settings for playback from Local Schedule . Alternatively, select and play content from 
internal or USB memory according to the customized playback sequence.
10.4.1 Registering a Local Schedule
1Select Local Schedule Manager in the MagicInfo Lite menu screen.
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
DisconnectedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  175MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite2Select Create  in the Local Schedule Manager  screen.
3Select Time  to set the time you want to play content.
 
To create a schedule that starts on one day and finishes the next day, the time must be set as 
shown below.
 E.g.) PM 09:00 - AM 12:00 / AM 12:00 - AM 06:00
 
Local Schedule Manager
Storage Internal Memory
No Playing ScheduleCreate
Edit
Delete
Run
Info
Close
Create
Time
Contents
Time
Contents--:-- am ~ --:-- pm
No ItemSave
CancelDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  176MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite4Select Contents  to specify the content you want to play.
5Select Save .
6Select the memory space you want to save the content to.
7Check that the schedule has been added to the Local Schedule Manager.
Contents
Internal Memory USB
No Item Folder1
Menu2.jpgMenu1.jpgDone
Deselect
Cancel
Create
Time
Conten
Time
Conten12:00 am ~ 02:00 pm Delete
  Save
   ancelWhere do you want to save?
Internal USB Cancel
Local Schedule Manager
Storage Internal Memory
No Playing Schedule
20110101_1200.IschCreate
Edit
Delete
Run
Info
CloseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  177MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.4.2 Modifying a local schedule Local Schedule
 
Ensure at least one local schedule Local Schedule  is registered.
 
1Select Local Schedule Manager in the MagicInfo Lite menu screen.
2Select the local schedule  you want to modify.
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
Disconnected
Local Schedule Manager
Storage Internal Memory
No Playing Schedule
20110101_1200.IschCreate
Edit
Delete
Run
Info
CloseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  178MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite3Select Edit.
4Change the details of the local schedule. Next, select Save .
10.4.3 Deleting a local schedule Local Schedule
 
Ensure at least one local schedule Local Schedule  is registered.
 
1Select Local Schedule Manager in the MagicInfo Lite menu screen.
Edit
Time
Contents
Time
Contents12:00 am ~ 02:00 pm
Menu1.jpg
--:-- am ~ --:-- pm
No ItemDelete
Save
Cancel
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
DisconnectedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  179MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite2Select the local schedule  you want to delete.
3Select Delete .
Local Schedule Manager
Storage Internal Memory
No Playing Schedule
20110101_1200.IschCreate
Edit
Delete
Run
Info
Close
Local Schedule Manager
Storage Internal Memory
Do you want to delete schedule?
201Create
  Edit
   elete
  Run
 Info
CloseYes NoDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  180MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.4.4 Running a local schedule Local Schedule
 
Ensure at least one local schedule Local Schedule  is registered.
 
1Select Local Schedule Manager in the MagicInfo Lite menu screen.
2Select the local schedule you want to run. Next, select Run.
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
Disconnected
Local Schedule Manager
Storage Internal Memory
No Playing Schedule
20110101_1200.IschCreate
Edit
Delete
Run
Info
CloseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  181MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.4.5 Stopping a local schedule Local Schedule
 
This function is enabled only when a schedule is running. Selecting Stop will change the running 
mode from local schedule  to network schedule.
 
1Select Local Schedule Manager in the MagicInfo Lite menu screen.
2Select Stop .
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
Disconnected
Local Schedule Manager
Storage Internal Memory
[Internal] 20110101_1200.Isch
20110101_1200.IschCreate
Edit
Delete
Stop
Info
CloseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  182MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.4.6 Viewing the details of a local schedule Local Schedule
1Select Local Schedule Manager in the MagicInfo Lite menu screen.
2Select the local schedule you want to view the details of.
3The details of the schedule will be displayed.
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
Disconnected
Local Schedule Manager
Storage Internal Memory
No Playing Schedule
20110101_1200.IschCreate
Edit
Delete
Run
Info
Close
Information
20110101_1200.Isch
   12:00 am~02:00 pm, 1 File(s)
     - Menu1.jpg
CloseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  183MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.5 Contents Manager
10.5.1 Copying content
1Select Contents Manager  in the MagicInfo Lite  menu screen.
2Select the content you want to copy.
If content under Internal Memory  is selected: You can copy the content under Internal 
Memory  to USB memory.
If content under USB is selected: You can copy the content under USB memory to Internal 
Memory .
 
Selecting content under Internal Memory  and USB  memory at the same time will disable 
copying.
 
3Select Copy .
Network Schedule
Local Schedule· Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
Disconnected
Contents
Internal Memory USB
No Item Folder1
Menu2.jpgMenu1.jpg Delete
Copy
Deselect
CloseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  184MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.5.2 Deleting content
1Select Contents Manager  in the MagicInfo Lite  menu screen.
2Select the content you want to delete.
Content under Internal Memory  and USB memory  can be deleted at the same time.
3Select Delete .
Network Schedule
Local Schedule· Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
Disconnected
Contents
Internal Memory USB
No Item Folder1
Menu2.jpgMenu1.jpg Delete
Copy
Deselect
Close
Contents
Internal Memory USB
No Item Folder1
Menu2.jpgMenu1.jpg Delete
Copy
Deselect
CloseDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  185MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite10.6 Internal AutoPlay
10.6.1 Running Internal AutoPlay
 
Ensure at least one content item exists under Internal Memory .
 
1Select Internal AutoPlay  in the MagicInfo Lite  menu screen.
Play content, which has been copied to Internal Memory , in alphabetical order.
10.7 USB AutoPlay
10.7.1 Running Internal AutoPlay
 
Ensure a USB device is inserted. Be sure to create a folder named "MagicInfoSlide" in the USB device 
and put content in the folder.
 
1Select USB AutoPlay  in the MagicInfo Lite  menu screen.
The content contained in the MagicInfoSlide folder on the US B device will play in alphabetical 
order.
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
DisconnectedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  186MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo LiteUSB AutoPlay  will automatically run if US B memory is connected when Network Schedule  or 
Local Schedule  is running.
10.8 When Content is Running
10.8.1 Viewing the details of the content that is running
 
Press the INFO  button on the remote control.
 
1Software Version : Displays the software version of a device.
2Device Name : Displays the name of a device recognized by the server.
3Device ID : Displays the original identification number of a device.
4Mode : Displays the current operating mode ( Network Schedule , Local Schedule , Internal 
AutoPlay  or USB AutoPlay ) of  MagicInfo Lite Player .
5Server : Displays the connection status ( Connected , Disconnected  or Non-approval ) of the server.
6USB: Displays the connection status of a USB device.
Network Schedule
Local Scheduleh Local Schedule ManagerContents ManagerInternal AutoPlayUSB AutoPlayClose
Mode
Network ScheduleServer
ConnectedUSB
DisconnectedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  187MagicInfo Lite10
10 MagicInfo Lite7Schedule Download : Displays the progress of a network schedule being downloaded from the 
server.
10.8.2 Changing the settings fo r the content that is running
 
Press the TOOLS  button on the remote control.
 
You can change the Picture Mode  or Sound Mode setting or safely remove a USB device ( Safely 
Remove USB ) while content is playing by pressing the TOOLS  button on the remote control.
Picture Mode : Customizes the screen settings for the content currently playing 
(Dynamic ,Standard , Natural , Movie ).
Sound Mode : Customizes the audio settings for the content currently playing ( Standard , 
Music ,Movie , Clear Voice , Amplify ).
Safely Remove USB
Information
Software Version
Device NameDevice ID
Mode
ServerUSB
Schedule Download: A-VNUSCDSP-100
: Monitor: FE-FF-FF-FF-FF
: Network Schedule
: Connected: Connected
: No Schedule to download
Close
ToolsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18811 Troubleshooting Guide11 Troubleshooting Guide
11.1 Requirements Before Co ntacting Samsung Customer 
Service Center
11.1.1 Testing the Product
 
Before calling Samsung Customer Service Center, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, 
contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 
Check if your product is operating normally by using the product test function.
If the screen remains blank while the power LED blinks even when the product is correctly connected to 
a PC, perform product testing.
1Power off both the PC and product.
2Disconnect all the cables from the product.
3Power on the product.
4If "No Signal " is displayed, the product is operating normally.
 
If the screen remains blank, check the PC system, video controller and cable.
 
11.1.2 Checking the Reso lution and Frequency
"Not Optimum Mode " will briefly be displayed if a mode that exceeds a supported resolution is selected 
(refer to Supported Resolutions). Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  189Troubleshooting Guide11
11 Troubleshooting Guide11.1.3 Check the followings.
Installation issue (PC mode)
The screen keeps switching on and off. Check the cable connection between the 
product and PC, and ensure the connection is 
secure. 
("2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
Blank spaces are found on all four sides of the 
screen when an HDMI or HDMI-DVI cable is connected to the product and PC.The blank spaces found on the screen have nothing to do with the product. 
Blank spaces on the screen are caused by the 
PC or graphics card. To resolve the problem, 
adjust the screen size in the HDMI or DVI 
settings for the graphics card.
If the graphics card settings menu does not 
have an option to adjust the screen size, 
update the graphics card driver to the latest 
version.
(Please contact the graphics card or computer 
manufacturer for further details about how to 
adjust the screen settings.)
Screen issue
The power LED is off.  The screen will not 
switch on.Make sure that the power cord is connected. 
("2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
"No Signal " is displayed on the screen (refer to 
"Connecting to a PC").Check that the product is connected correctly 
with a cable 
("2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
Check that the device connected to the 
product is powered on.
"Not Optimum Mode " is displayed. This message is displayed when a signal from 
the graphics card exceeds the product's maximum resolution and frequency.
Refer to the Standard Signal Mode Table and 
set the maximum resolution and frequency 
according to the product specifications.
The images on the screen look distorted. Check the cable connection to the product 
("2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  190Troubleshooting Guide11
11 Troubleshooting GuideThe screen is not clear. The screen is blurry. Adjust Coarse  and Fine .
Remove any accessories (video extension 
cable, etc) and try again.
Set the resolution and frequency to the 
recommended level.
The screen appears unstable and shaky. Check that the resolution and frequency of the 
PC and graphics card are set within a range compatible with the product. Then, change the screen settings if required by referring to the 
Additional Information on the product menu 
and the Standard Signal Mode Table. There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too 
dark.Adjust Brightness  and Contrast .
Screen color is inconsistent. Go to Picture  and adjust the Colo(u)r Temp.  
settings.
The colors on the screen have a shadow and 
are distorted.Go to Picture  and adjust the Colo(u)r Temp.  
settings.
White does not really look white. Go to Picture  and adjust the Colo(u)r Temp.  
settings.
There is no image on the screen and the power 
LED blinks every 0.5 to 1 second.The product is in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the ke yboard or move the 
mouse to return to the previous screen.
Sound issue
There is no sound. Check the connection of the audio cable or 
adjust the volume 
("2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
Check the volume.
The volume is too low.  Adjust the volume.
If the volume is still low after turning it up to the 
maximum level, adjust the volume on your PC 
sound card or software program.Screen issueDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  191Troubleshooting Guide11
11 Troubleshooting GuideRemote control issue
The remote control does not work. Make sure that the batteries are correctly in 
place (+/-).
Check if the batteries are flat.
Check for power failure.
Make sure that the power cord is connected.Check for any special lighting or neon signs 
switched on in the vicinity.
Source device issue
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is 
booting. If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is booting, have yo ur PC serviced.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  192Troubleshooting Guide11
11 Troubleshooting Guide11.2 Q & A
Question Answer
How can I change the 
frequency?Set the frequency on your graphics card.
"Windows XP": Go to Control Panel   Appearance and 
Themes   Display   Settings   Advanced   
Monitor  and adjust the frequency in Monitor Settings .
"Windows ME/2000": Go to Control Panel   Display   
Settings   Advanced   Monitor  and adjust the 
frequency in Monitor Settings .
"Windows Vista": Go to Control Panel   Appearance and 
Personalization   Personalize   Display Settings   
Advanced Settings   Monitor  and adjust the frequency in 
Monitor Settings.
"Windows 7": Go to Control Panel   Appearance and 
Personalization   Display   Adjust resolution   
Advanced Settings   Monitor  and adjust the frequency in 
Monitor Settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  193Troubleshooting Guide11
11 Troubleshooting Guide 
Refer to the user manual for your PC or graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.
 How can I change the 
resolution?"Windows XP": Go to Control Panel  Appearance and 
Themes   Display   Settings  and adjust the resolution.
"Windows ME/2000": Go to Control Panel   Display   
Settings  and adjust the resolution.
"Windows Vista": Go to Control Panel   Appearance and 
Personalization   Personalize   Display Settings and 
adjust the resolution.
"Windows 7": Go to Control Panel   Appearance and 
Personalization   Display   Adjust Resolution  and 
adjust the resolution.
How do I set power-saving mode? Windows XP: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel   
Appearance and Themes   Display   Screen Saver 
Settings  or BIOS SETUP on the PC. 
Windows ME/2000: Set power-saving mode in Control 
Panel   Display   Screen Saver Settings  or BIOS 
SETUP on the PC.
Windows Vista: Set po wer-saving mode in Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   
Screen Saver Settings  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
Windows 7: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel  
Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   
Screen Saver Settings  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.Question AnswerDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  19412 Specifications12 Specifications
12.1 General
Model Name ME40A / DE40A ME46A / DE46A ME55A / DE55A
Panel Size 40 inches (101cm) 46 inches (116cm) 55 inches (138cm)
Display area 885.6(H) x 498.15(V) 1018.0 8(H) x 572.67(V) 1209.6(H) x 680.4(V)
Display Color 16.7M 1.07B
Dimensions (W x H x D) / 
Weight
(without stand)921.2 x 536.1 x 29.9 
mm / 10.5 kg
36.3 x 21.1 x 1.2 
inches / 23.1 Ibs1056.3 x 612.3 x 29.9 
mm / 12.5 kg
41.6 x 24.1 x 1.2 
inches / 27.6 Ibs1246.4 x 718.2 x 29.9 
mm / 17.1 kg
49.1 x 28.2 x 1.2 
inches / 37.7 Ibs
VESA Mounting Interface 200 x 200 mm 400 x 400 mm
Model Name UE46A UE55A
Panel Size 46 inches (117cm) 55 inches (138cm)
Display area1025.98(H) x 
580.57(V)1209.6(H) x 680.4(V)
Display Color 1.07B
Dimensions (W x H x D) / 
Weight
(without stand)1030.4 X 585.0 x 29.9 
mm / 12 kg
40.6 x 23.0 x 1.2 
inches / 26.5 Ibs1221.8 X 692.7 X 29.9 mm / 16 kg
48.1 x 27.3 x 1.2 inches / 37.7 Ibs
VESA Mounting Interface 400 x 400 mm
Synchroni
zationHorizontal 
Frequency30 ~ 81 KHz
Vertical 
Frequency 48 ~ 75 Hz
ResolutionOptimum 
resolution1920 x 1080 60Hz
Maximum 
resolution1920 x 1080 60Hz
Maximum Pixel Clock 148.5MHz (Anlog, Digtal)
Signal connectors D-Sub, DVI, DP(Display), HDMI port
USB 1DOWNDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  195Specifications12
12 Specifications 
Power Supply : This product uses 100 to 240V. Refer to the label at the back of the product as the 
standard voltage can vary in different countries.
 
 
Plug-and-Play : This monitor can be installed and used with any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. Two-way data exchange between the monitor and PC  system optimizes the monitor settings. Monitor 
installation takes place automatically. However, you can customize the installation settings if desired.
 
 
Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) may appear brighter or darker on the panel. This does not affect product performance.
 
 
Class A (Information Communication eq uipment for industrial use) Attention dealers and users. This 
device is registered for EMC requirements for indus trial use (Class A) and can be used in areas other 
than general households.
 Environme
ntal 
considerat
ionsOperatingTemperature : 32 ˚F ~ 104 ˚F (0 ˚C ~ 40 ˚C)
Humidity : 10 % ~ 80 %, non-condensing
StorageTemperature : -4 ˚F ~ 140 ˚F (-20 ˚C ~ 60 ˚C)
Humidity : 5 % ~ 95 %, non-condensing
[Recommendation] - EU Only
Hereby, Samsung Electronics, declares that this Monitor is in compliance with the essential 
requirements and other relevant provisions of Directive 1999/5/EC.
The official Declaration of Conformity may be found at http://www.samsung.com, go to Support > Search Product Support and enter the model name.
This equipment may be operated in all EU countries.
(USA only)
Dispose unwanted electronics through an approved recycler.To find the nearest recycling location, go to our website:www.samsung.com/recyclingdirect or call, (877) 278 - 0799Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  196Specifications12
12 Specifications12.2 PowerSaver
The power-saving function of this product reduces power consumption by switching off the screen and 
changing the color of the power LED if the product is not used for a specified period of time. The power is not turned off in power-saving mode. To switch the screen back on, press any key on the keyboard or 
move the mouse. Power-savign mode only functions when the product is connected to a PC with a 
power-saving function.
 
 The displayed power consumption level can vary in different operating conditions or when settings 
are changed.
 SOG(Sync On Green) is not supported.
 To reduce the power consumption to 0, turn off the switch at the back or disconnect the power cord. Disconnect the power cable if you will not be using the product for an extended period of time (during vacation, etc.).
 PowerSaver Normal 
OperationPower saving 
modePower off 
(Power Button 
off)
Power Indicator On Blinking Off
Power Consumption
(General)ME40A : 100 W
less than 1 W less than 1 WME46A : 140 W
ME55A : 160 W
UE46A : 140 WUE55A : 160 W
DE40A : 120W
DE46A : 150 WDE55A : 180 WDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  197Specifications12
12 Specifications12.3 Preset Timing Modes
 
 This product can be set to only one resolution for each screen size to obtain the optimum picture 
quality due to the nature of the panel. Using a resolution other than the specified resolution may degrade the picture quality. To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum resolution specified for your product.
 Check the frequency when you exchange a CDT product (connected to a PC) for an LCD product. If the LCD product does not support 85Hz, change the vertical frequency to 60Hz using the CDT product before you exchange it with the LCD product.
 
The screen will automatically be adjusted if a signal that belongs to the following standard signal modes is 
transmitted from your PC. If the signal transmitted from the PC does not belong to the standard signal 
modes, the screen may be blank with the power LED on. In such a case, change the settings according 
to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manual.
ResolutionHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync 
Polarity (H/
V)
IBM, 640 x 350 31.469 70.086 25.175 +/-
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
IBM, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
VESA, 848 x 480 31.020 60.000 33.750 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 768 47.776 59.870 79.500 -/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  198Specifications12
12 Specifications 
Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal 
cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is 
measured in kHz.
Vertical Frequency
The product displays a single image multiple times per second (like a fluorescent light) to display what 
the viewer sees. The rate of a single image being displayed repeatedly per second is called vertical 
frequency or refresh rate. Vertical frequency is measured in Hz.
 VESA, 1280 x 960 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1360 x 768 47.712 60.015 85.500 +/+
VESA,1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA,1920 x 1080 66.587 59.934 138.500 +/-ResolutionHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync 
Polarity (H/
V)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  199Specifications12
12 Specifications12.4 License
TheaterSound HD, SRS and  symbol are trademarks of SRS Labs, Inc.
TheaterSound HD technology is incorporated under license form SRS Lab, 
Inc.
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby and the double-
D symbol aretrademarks of Dolby Laboratories.
Manufactured under license under U.S. Patent #’s: 5,451,942; 5,956,674; 
5,974,380; 5,978,762; 6,487,535 & other U.S. and worldwide patents 
issued & pending. DTS and the Symbol are registered trademarks. & DTS 2.0+ Digital Out and the DTS logos are trademarks of DTS, Inc. Product 
Includes software. © DTS, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
DivX Certified® to play DivX® video up to HD 1080p, including premium 
content. DivX®, DivX Certified® and associated logos are trademarks of DivX, Inc. and are used under license.
ABOUT DIVX VIDEO: DivX® is a digital video format  created by DivX, Inc. This is an official DivX 
Certified® device that plays DivX video. Visit www.divx.com for more information and software 
tools to convert your files into DivX video.
ABOUT DIVX VIDEO-ON-DEMAND: This  DivX Certified® device must be registered in order to 
play purchased DivX Video-on-Demand (VOD) movies. To obtain your registration code, locate 
the DivX VOD section in your device setup menu. Go to vod.divx.com for more information on how to complete your registration.
Covered by one or more of the following U.S. patents : 7,295,673; 7,460,668; 7,515,710; 
7,519,274
Open Source Licence Notice
In the case of using open source software, Open Source Licences are available on the product 
menu. Open Source Licence Notice is written only English.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  200 Appendix Appendix
Contact SAMSUNG WORLDWIDE
 
If you have any questions or comments relati ng to Samsung products, please contact the SAMSUNG 
customer care center.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  201Appendix
 AppendixNORTH AMERICA
U.S.A 1-800-SAMSUNG (726-7864) http://www.samsung.com
CANADA 1-800-SAM SUNG (726-7864) http://www.samsung.com/ca
http://www.samsung.com/ch_fr 
(French)
MEXICO 01-800-SAMSUNG (726- 7864) http://www.samsung.com
LATIN AMERICA
ARGENTINA 0800-333-3733 http://www.samsung.com
BRAZIL 0800-124-421
4004-0000http://www.samsung.com
BOLIVIA 800-10-7260 http://www.samsung.comCHILE 800-SAMSUNG (726-7864) 
From mobile 02-482 82 00http://www.samsung.com
COLOMBIA 01-8000112112 http://www.samsung.comCOSTA RICA 0-800-507-7267 http://www.samsung.comDOMINICA 1-800-751-2676 http://www.samsung.comECUADOR 1-800-10-7267 http://www.samsung.comEL SALVADOR 800-6225 http://www.samsung.comGUATEMALA 1-800-299-0013 http://www.samsung.comHONDURAS 800-27919267 http://www.samsung.comJAMAICA 1-800-234-7267 http://www.samsung.comNICARAGUA 00-1800-5077267 http://www.samsung.comPANAMA 800-7267 http://www.samsung.comPERU 0-800-777-08 http://www.samsung.comPUERTO RICO 1-800-682-3180 http://www.samsung.comTRINIDAD & TOBAGO 1-800-SAMSUNG (726-7864) http://www.samsung.com
VENEZUELA 0-800-100-5303 http://www.samsung.com
EUROPE
ALBANIA 42 27 5755 http://www.samsung.comAUSTRIA 0810 - SAMSUNG 
(7267864, € 0.07/min)http://www.samsung.com
BELGIUM 02-201-24-18 http://www.samsung.com/be 
(Dutch)
http://www.samsung.com/be_fr 
(French)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  202Appendix
 AppendixBOSNIA 05 133 1999 http://www.samsung.com
BULGARIA 07001 33 11 http://www.samsung.com
CROATIA 062 SAMSUNG (062 726 7864) http://www.samsung.com
CZECH 800 - SAMSUNG (800-726786) http://www.samsung.com
DENMARK 70 70 19 70 http://www.samsung.com
FINLAND 030 - 6227 515 http://www.samsung.com
FRANCE 01 48 63 00 00 http://www.samsung.com
GERMANY 01805 - SAMSUNG 
(726-7864,€ 0,14/Min)http://www.samsung.com
CYPRUS From landline : 8009 4000 http://www.samsung.com
GREECE From landline : 80111-SAMSUNG 
(7267864)
From landline & mobile : (+30)210 6897691http://www.samsung.com
HUNGARY 06-80-SAMSUNG (726- 7864) http://www.samsung.com
ITALIA 800-SAMSUNG (726-7864) http://www.samsung.com
KOSOVO +381 0113216899 http://www.samsung.com
LUXEMBURG 261 03 710 http://www.samsung.com
MACEDONIA 023 207 777 http://www.samsung.com
MONTENEGRO 020 405 888 http://www.samsung.com
NETHERLANDS 0900 - SAMSUNG 
(0900-7267864) (€ 0,10/Min)http://www.samsung.com
NORWAY 815-56 480 http://www.samsung.com
POLAND 0 801-1SAMSUNG (172-678)
+48 22 607-93-33http://www.samsung.com
PORTUGAL 808 20 - SAMSUNG (808 20
7267)http://www.samsung.com
RUMANIA From landline : 08010-SAMSUNG
(7267864)
From landline & mobile : (+40)21 206 01 10http://www.samsung.com
SERBIA 0700 Samsung (0700 726 7864) http://www.samsung.com
SLOVAKIA 0800 - SAMSUNG (0800-726 786)http://www.samsung.comEUROPE
Samsung Electronics Czech and Slovak, s.r.o., Oasis 
Florenc, Sokolovská 394/17, 180 00, Praha 8Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  203Appendix
 AppendixSPAIN 902 - 1 - SAMSUNG 
(902 172 678)http://www.samsung.com
SWEDEN 0771 726 7864 (SAMSUNG) http://www.samsung.com
SWITZERLAND 0848-SAMSUNG 
(7267864, CHF 0.08/min)http://www.samsung.com/ch
http://www.samsung.com/ch_fr 
(French)
U.K 0330 SAMSUNG (7267864) http://www.samsung.com
EIRE 0818 717100 http://www.samsung.com
LITHUANIA 8-800-77777 http://www.samsung.com
LATVIA 8000-7267 http://www.samsung.com
ESTONIA 800-7267 http://www.samsung.com
TURKEY 444 77 11 http://www.samsung.com
CIS
RUSSIA 8-800-555-55-55 http://www.samsung.com
GEORGIA 8-800-555-555 http://www.samsung.comARMENIA 0-800-05-555 http://www.samsung.comAZERBAIJAN 088-55-55-555 http://www.samsung.comKAZAKHSTAN 8-10-800-500-55-500 
(GSM: 7799)http://www.samsung.com
UZBEKISTAN 8-10-800-500-55-500 http://www.samsung.com
KYRGYZSTAN 00-800-500-55-500 http://www.samsung.comTADJIKISTAN 8-10-800-500-55-500 http://www.samsung.comMONGOLIA - http://www.samsung.comUKRAINE 0-800-502-000 http://www.samsung.com/ua 
http://www.samsung.com/ua_ru
BELARUS 810-800-500-55-500 http://www.samsung.comMOLDOVA 00-800-500-55-500 http://www.samsung.com
ASIA PACIFIC
AUSTRALIA 1300 362 603 http://www.samsung.comNEW ZEALAND 0800 SAMSU NG (0800 726 786) http://www.samsung.com
CHINA 400-810-5858 http://www.samsung.comHONG KONG (852) 3698 - 4698 http://www.samsung.com/hk
http://www.samsung.com/hk_en/EUROPEDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  204Appendix
 AppendixINDIA 1800 1100 11
3030 8282
1800 3000 82821800 266 8282http://www.samsung.com
INDONESIA 0800-112-8888
021-5699-7777http://www.samsung.com
JAPAN 0120-327-527 http://www.samsung.com
MALAYSIA 1800-88-9999 http://www.samsung.com
PHILIPPINES 1-800-10-SAMSUNG (726-7864) 
for PLDT1-800-3-SAMSUNG (726-7864) for 
Digitel
1-800-8-SAMSUNG (726-7864) for 
Globe
02-5805777http://www.samsung.com
SINGAPORE 1800-SAMSUNG (726-7864) http://www.samsung.com
THAILAND 1800-29-3232
02-689-3232http://www.samsung.com
TAIWAN 0800-329-999
0266-026-066http://www.samsung.com
VIETNAM 1 800 588 889 http://www.samsung.com
MIDDlE EAST
IRAN 021-8255 http://www.samsung.com
OMAN 800-SAMSUNG (726-7864) http://www.samsung.comKUWAIT 183-2255 http://www.samsung.comBAHRAIN 8000-4726 http://www.samsung.comEGYPT 08000-726786 http://www.samsung.comJORDAN 800-22273 http://www.samsung.comMOROCCO 080 100 2255 http://www.samsung.comSAUDI ARABIA 9200-21230 http://www.samsung.comU.A.E 800-SAMSUNG (726-7864) http://www.samsung.com
AFRICA
CAMEROON 7095- 0077 http://www.samsung.com
COTE D'LVOIRE 8000 0077 http://www.samsung.comASIA PACIFICDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  205Appendix
 Appendix GHANA 0800-10077
0302-200077http://www.samsung.com
KENYA 0800 724 000 http://www.samsung.com
NIGERIA 0800-726-7864 http://www.samsung.com
SENEGAL 800-00-0077 http://www.samsung.com
SOUTH AFRICA 0860-SAMSUNG (726-7864) http://www.samsung.com
TANZANIA 0685 88 99 00 http://www.samsung.com
UGANDA 0800 300 300 http://www.samsung.comAFRICADownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  206Appendix
 AppendixOptimum Picture Quality and Afterimage Burn-in Prevention
Optimum Picture Quality
To enjoy the optimum picture quality, go to Control Panel on your PC and adjust the resolution and 
refresh rate as follows. The picture quality of TFT- LCDs may degrade if the optimum resolution is not 
selected.
Resolution: 1920 X 1080
Vertical frequency (refresh rate): 60Hz
Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximat ely 1 pixel per million (1ppm) may 
be brighter or darker on the panel. This does not affect product performance.
The number of sub-pixels by panel type: 40, 46, 55 : 6,220,800
Run " Auto Adjustment " to improve the picture quality. If noise is still found even after auto 
adjustment, adjust Coarse  or Fine.
Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time may cause afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
Activate power-saving mode or a dynamic screen saver if you w ill not be using the product for 
an extended period of time.
Unlike CDT monitors, TFT-LCD monitors (due to the nature of the panel) can be set to only one resolution to obtain the optimum picture quality. Therefore, setting a resolution other than the specified resolution may degrade the picture quality. To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum resolution specified for your monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  207Appendix
 AppendixPrevention of Afterimage Burn-in
What is afterimage burn-in?
Afterimage burn-in should not occur when the LCD panel is operating normally. Normal operation refers 
to a continuously changing video pattern. If the LCD panel displays a fixed pattern for an extended period 
of time (more than 12 hours), a slight voltage difference may occur between the electrodes in pixels that 
control the liquid crystals. 
Such a voltage difference between electrodes increases with time and makes the liquid crystals thinner. 
When this occurs, a previous image can remain on the screen when the pattern changes. To prevent this, 
the accumulated voltage difference should be reduced.
Black Matrix
Source Drain
Data Bus-Line{m{Gate Pixel Electrode (ITO)Storage 
Capaccitor (Cs)Color-FilterCommon Electrode (ITO)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  208Appendix
 AppendixPowering Off, Screen Saver and Power Saving Mode
Power off the product for 4 hours after using it for 20 hours. (DE40A / DE46A / DE55A)
Power off the product for 2 hours after using it for 12 hours. (ME40A / ME46A / ME55A / UE46A 
/ UE55A / DE40A / DE46A / DE55A)
Go to Display Properties > Power Supply on your PC and set the product to power off as required.
Using a screen saver is recommended. 
It is best to use a single-color or moving-image screen saver.
Regular color Change
 
Use 2 colors
Switch between 2 colors every 30 minutes as shown above.
 
Avoid combinations of a text color and background color of contrasting brightness.
Avoid using grey as it may contribute to afterimage burn-in.
Avoid using colors of contrasting brightness (black and white; grey).
Regular Text color Change
Use bright colors of similar brightness.
Interval: Change text color and background color every 30 minutes
Move and change text every 30 minutes as shown below.
Regularly display a moving image along with a logo.Interval: Display a moving image along with a logo for 60 seconds after using for 4 hours.FLIGHT FLIGHT TIME TIME
OZ348
UA102 21:1020:30 OZ348
UA102 21:1020:30Type 1 Type 2
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30::
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:: FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30::
[ Step 1 ] [ Step 2 ] [ Step 3 ] 20:30Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  209Appendix
 AppendixThe best way to protect the product from afterimage burn-in is switching the power off or 
setting the PC or system to run a screen saver when not in use. Also, Warranty service may be limited depending on  instruction guide.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  210Appendix
 AppendixCorrect Disposal of This Product (Waste Electrical & Electronic 
Equipment) - Europe only
Correct disposal of batteries in this product - Europe only(Applicable in the European Union and other European countries with separate 
collection systems)
This marking on the product, accessories or literature indicates that the product and its 
electronic accessories (e.g. charger, headset, USB cable) should not be disposed of 
with other household waste at the end of their working life. To prevent possible harm to the environment or human health from uncontrolled waste disposal, please separate 
these items from other types of waste and recycle them responsibly to promote the 
sustainable reuse of material resources.
Household users should contact either the retailer where they purchased this product, 
or their local government office, for details of where and how they can take these items 
for environmentally safe recycling. 
Business users should contact their supplier and check the terms and conditions of the 
purchase contract. This product and its electronic accessories should not be mixed with other commercial wastes for disposal.
(Applicable in the European Union and other European countries with separate battery return systems.)
This marking on the battery, manual or packaging indicates that the batteries in this 
product should not be disposed of with other household waste at the end of their 
working life. Where marked, the chemical symbols Hg, Cd or Pb indicate that the battery 
contains mercury, cadmium or lead above the reference levels in EC Directive 2006/66.
If batteries are not properly disposed of, these substances can cause harm to human 
health or the environment. 
To protect natural resources and to promote material reuse, please separate batteries 
from other types of waste and recycle them through your local, free battery return 
system.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  211Appendix
 AppendixTerminology
OSD(On Screen Display)
On screen display (OSD) allows you to configure on-screen settings to optimize the picture quality as 
required. It allows you to change the screen brightness, tint, size and many other settings using 
menus displayed on the screen.
Gamma
The Gamma menu adjusts the grey scale that represents middle tones on the screen. Adjusting the brightness brightens the whole screen, but adjusting Gamma only brightens the medium brightness.
Gray Scale
Scale refers to levels of color intensity that show variations of color change from darker areas to brighter areas on the screen. Changes to the screen brightness are expressed with black and white 
variation, and grey scale refers to the medium area between black and white. Changing the grey scale through Gamma adjust ment will change the medium brightness on the screen.
Scanning rate
Scanning rate, or refresh rate, refers to the frequency of screen refreshes. Screen data is transmitted as it refreshes to display an image, although the refreshing is invisible to the naked eye. The number of screen refreshes is called scanning rate and is measured in Hz. A scanning rate of 60Hz means that 
the screen refreshes 60 times per second. The screen scanning rate depends on the performance of 
the graphics cards in your PC and product. 
Horizontal Frequency
Characters or images displayed on the product screen consist of numerous dots (pixels). Pixels are transmitted in horizontal lines, which are then arranged vertically to create an image. The horizontal frequency is measured in kHz and represents how many times horizontal lines per second are 
transmitted and displayed on the product screen. A horizontal frequency of 85 means that the 
horizontal lines that make up an image are transmitted 85 000 times per second, and the horizontal frequency is indicated in 85kHz.
Vertical Frequency
One image is made of numerous horizontal lines. The vertical frequency is measured in Hz and represents how many images can be created per second by those horizontal lines. A vertical 
frequency of 60 means that an image is transmitted 60 times per second. The vertical frequency is 
also called "refresh rate" and affects screen flicker.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  212Appendix
 AppendixResolution
Resolution is the number of horizontal pixels and vertical pixels that form a screen. It represents the 
level of display detail. 
A higher resolution displays a greater amount of information on the screen and is suitable for 
performing multiple tasks at the same time.
E.g. A resolution of 1920 x 1080 consists of 1,920 horizontal pixels (horizontal frequency) and 1,080 
vertical lines (vertical resolution).
Plug & Play
The Plug & Play feature allows the automatic exchange of information between a product and PC to produce an optimum display environment. 
The product uses VESA DDC (international standard) to execute Plug & Play.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Index 213Index
Numerics
3D Mode  104
A
Appendix  200
B
Batteries  29
C
Changing the Resolution  54
Communicate with MDC via the RS232C-
stereo cable.  65
Contact SAMSUNG WORLDWIDE  200
Custom settings screen  101
E
Eco Solution  113
Energy Saving  145
I
Items sold separately  23
M
MagicInfo Lite  116
MDC InstallationUninstallation  67
Menu Language  144
Mode  100
Multi Control  141
N
Network Settings  130O
OSD Rotation  161
P
PC connection  51
Picture Size  102
PIP 147
Problem report  188
R
Remote Control  28
Reset All  161
S
Screen Adjustment  101
Screen Position  152
Sleep Timer  142
Software Upgrade  162
Source AutoSwitch Settings  153
Specifications  194
Standard  100
T
Time  142
V
Video connection  56Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  LFD DISPLAY
User Manual
The colour and the appearance may differ depending on the 
product, and the specifications are subject to change without prior notice to improve the performance.
UD46D-PDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table of contents
Before Using the Product
 »Copyright
 »Safety Precautions
Preparations
 »Parts
 »Before Installing the Product (Installation Guide)
 »Dimensions
 »Installing the Wall Mount
Connecting and Using a Source Device
 »Before Connecting
 »Connecting to a PC
 »Connecting to a Video Device
 »Connecting to an Audio System
 »Connecting the LAN Cable
 »Connecting the network box (Sold separately)
 »Changing the Input sourceUsing MDC
 »MDC Programme Installation/Uninstallation
 »Connecting to MDC
Home feature
 »Player
 »Schedule
 »Template
 »Clone Product
 »ID Settings
 »Video Wall
 »Network Status
 »Picture Mode
 »On/Off Timer
 »Ticker
 »More settings
 »URL LauncherScreen Adjustment
 »Picture Mode
 »Backlight / Contrast / Brightness / Sharpness / Colour / 
Tint (G/R)
 »Colour Temperature
 »White Balance
 »Gamma
 »Calibrated value
 »Advanced Settings
 »Picture Options
 »Picture Size
 »Auto Adjustment
 »PC Screen Adjustment
 »Picture Off
 »Reset Picture
OnScreen Display
 »PIP
 »Rotation
 »Screen Protection
 »Message Display
 »Menu Transparency
 »Menu Language
 »Reset OnScreen Display
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table of contents
Sound Adjustment
 »Sound Mode
 »Sound Effect
 »HDMI Sound
 »Sound on Video Call
 »Speaker Settings
 »Auto Volume
 »Reset Sound
Network
 »Network Status
 »Network Settings
 »Wi-Fi Direct
 »Multimedia Device Settings
 »Server Network Settings
 »Device Name
System
 »Setup
 »Time
 »Auto Source Switching
 »Power Control
 »Eco Solution »Temperature Control
 »Device Manager
 »Play via
 »Change PIN
 »General
 »Reset System
Support
 »Software Update
 »Contact Samsung
 »Go to Home
 »Reset All
Playing photos, videos and music 
(Media Play)
 »Features provided in the media content list page
 »Available buttons and features during photo playback
 »Available buttons and features during video playback
 »Available buttons and features during music playback
 »Supported Subtitle and Media play file formatsTroubleshooting Guide
 »Requirements Before Contacting Samsung Customer 
Service Centre
 »Q & A
Specifications
 »General
 »PowerSaver
 »Preset Timing Modes
Appendix
 »Responsibility for the Pay Service  
(Cost to Customers)
 »WEEE
 »Optimum Picture Quality and Afterimage Burn-in 
Prevention
 »Licence
 »Terminology
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Before Using the Product
Copyright
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
© 2014 Samsung Electronics
Samsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.
Use or reproduction of this manual in parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is prohibited.Microsoft, Windows are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.VESA, DPM and DDC are registered trademarks of the Video Electronics Standards Association.Ownership of all other trademarks is attributed to their due owner.
 • An administration fee may be charged if either
 -(a) an engineer is called out at your request and there is no defect in the product
(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
 -(b) you bring the unit to a repair centre and there is no defect in the product(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
 • The amount of such administration charge will be advised to you before any work or home visit is carried out.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Safety Precautions
Caution
RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN
Caution : TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER. (OR BACK)THERE ARE NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE.REFER ALL SERVICING TO QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
This symbol indicates that high voltage is present inside.It is dangerous to make any kind of contact with any internal part of this product.
This symbol alerts you that important literature concerning operation and maintenance has been 
included with this product.
Symbols
Warning
A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
Caution
Personal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are not followed.
Activities marked by this symbol are prohibited.
Instructions marked by this symbol must be followed.Cleaning
 ―Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched.
 ―Take the following steps when cleaning.
 ―The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
1 Power off the product and computer.
2 Disconnect the power cord from the product.
 ―Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet 
hands. Otherwise, an electric shock may result.
!3 Wipe the product with a clean, soft and dry cloth.
 • Do not use detergents that contain alcohol, solvent or 
surface-active agents.
 • Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4 Wet a soft and dry cloth in water and wring thoroughly to clean the 
exterior of the product.
5 Connect the power cord to the product when cleaning is finished.
6 Power on the product and computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Storage
Due to the characteristics of high-glossy products, using a UV humidifier nearby may create  
white-coloured stains on the product.
 ―Contact Customer Service Centre if the inside of the product needs cleaning (service fee will be 
charged).
Electricity and Safety
 ―The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
Warning
Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
 • An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not use multiple products with a single power socket.
 • Overheated power sockets may cause a fire.
Do not touch the power plug with wet hands. Otherwise, an electric shock 
may result.
!Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
 • An unsecure connection may cause a fire.!Connect the power plug to a grounded power socket  
(type 1 insulated devices only).
 • An electric shock or injury may result.
Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Be careful not to leave the 
power cord under a heavy object.
 • Damage to the cord may result in a fire or electric shock.
Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
!Clean any dust around the pins of the power plug or the power socket with 
a dry cloth.
 • A fire may result.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Caution
Do not disconnect the power cord while the product is being used.
 • The product may become damaged by an electric shock.
!Only use the power cord provided with your product by Samsung. Do not 
use the power cord with other products.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
!Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed.
 • The power cord must be disconnected to cut off power to the product 
when an issue occurs.
 • Note that the product is not completely powered down by using only the power button on the remote.
!Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket.
 • An electric shock or fire may result.Installation
Warning
DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT REPELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP OF 
THE PRODUCT. DO NOT INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
 • A fire may result.
!Have a technician install the wall-mount hanger.
 • Installation by an unqualified person can result in an injury.
 • Only use approved cabinets.
Do not install the product in poorly ventilated spaces such as a bookcase or 
closet.
 • An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.
!Install the product at least 10cm away from the wall to allow ventilation.
 • An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.
!Keep the plastic packaging out of the reach of children.
 • Children may suffocate.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Do not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, 
sloped surface, etc.)
 • The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 • Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the 
product or cause a fire.
!Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water drips, etc.), oil, or smoke.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a 
stove.
 • The product lifespan may be reduced or a fire may result.
Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
 • The product may fall and injure children.
 • As the front is heavy, install the product on a flat and stable surface.
Edible oil, such as soybean oil, can damage or deform the product. Do not 
install the product in a kitchen or near a kitchen counter.Caution
!Do not drop the product while moving.
 • Product failure or personal injury may result.
Do not set down the product on its front.
 • The screen may become damaged.
When installing the product on a cabinet or shelf, make sure that the 
bottom edge of the front of the product is not protruding.
 • The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 • Install the product only on cabinets or shelves of the right size.
!Set down the product gently.
 • Product failure or personal injury may result.
SAMSUNG
!Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine 
dust, chemical substances, extreme temperatures or a significant presence of moisture, or a place where the product will operate continuously for an extended period of time) may seriously affect its performance.
 • Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Centre if you want to install the product at such a place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operation
Warning
There is a high voltage inside the product. Never disassemble, repair or 
modify the product yourself.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
 • Contact Samsung Customer Service Centre for repairs.
!Before moving the product, turn off the power switch and disconnect the 
power cable and all other connected cables.
 • Otherwise, the power cord may be damaged and a fire or electric 
shock may result.
!If the product generates abnormal sounds, a burning smell or smoke, disconnect the power cord immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 • An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
 • Children may become injured or seriously harmed.
If the product is dropped or the outer case is damaged, turn off the power 
switch and disconnect the power cord. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 • Continued use can result in a fire or electric shock.Do not leave heavy objects or items that children like (toys, sweets, etc.) on 
top of the product.
 • The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toys or sweets resulting in a serious injury.
!During a lightning or thunderstorm, power off the product and remove the power cable.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
!Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 • Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result from a damaged cable.
!GASIf a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, 
ventilate the area immediately.
 • Sparks can cause an explosion or fire.
Do not lift or move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 • Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result from a damaged cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  !Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near 
the product.
 • An explosion or fire may result.
Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
 • An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.
100Do not insert metallic objects (chopsticks, coins, hairpins, etc) or objects 
that burn easily (paper, matches, etc) into the product (via the vent or input/
output ports, etc).
 • Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 • Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result.
Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic 
objects on top of the product.
 • Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 • Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result.Caution
!
Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of 
time may cause afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
 • Activate power-saving mode or a moving-picture screen saver if you will not be using the product for an extended period of time.
-_-
!Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the product for an extended period of time (vacation, etc).
 • Dust accumulation combined with heat can cause a fire, electric shock or electric leakage.
!Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
 • Your eyesight may deteriorate.
Do not hold the product upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
 • The product may fall and become damaged or cause an injury.
!Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can 
deteriorate your eyesight.
Do not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  !Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes for every 1 hour of product use.
 • Eye fatigue will be relieved.
Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an 
extended period of time as it will become hot.
!Store small accessories out of the reach of children.
!Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle or stand height.
 • Your hand or finger may get stuck and injured.
 • Tilting the product at an excessive angle may cause the product to fall 
and an injury may result.
Do not place heavy objects on the product.
 • Product failure or personal injury may result.
When using headphones or earphones, do not turn the volume too high.
 • Having the sound too loud may damage your hearing.Be careful that children do not place the battery in their mouths when 
removed from the remote control. Place the battery in a location that children or infants cannot reach.
 • If children have had the battery in their mouths, consult your doctor immediately.
When replacing the battery, insert it with the right polarity (+, -).
 • Otherwise, the battery may become damaged or it may cause fire, personal injury or damage due to leakage of the internal liquid.
!Use only the specified standardized batteries, and do not use a new battery 
and a used battery at the same time.
 • Otherwise, the batteries may be damaged or cause fire, personal injury or damage due to a leakage of the internal liquid.
!The batteries (and rechargeable batteries) are not ordinary refuse and must 
be returned for recycling purposes. The customer is responsible for returning the used or rechargeable batteries for recycling.
 • The customer can return used or rechargeable batteries to a nearby public recycling centre or to a store selling the same type of the battery or rechargeable battery.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   -Contact the vendor where you 
purchased the product if any components are missing.
 -The appearance of the components and items sold separately may differ from the image shown.
 -A stand is not provided with the product. To install a stand, you can purchase one separately.Checking the Components
Components
 ―Components may differ in different locations.


Quick Setup GuideWarranty card
(Not available in some 
locations)Regulatory guideBatteries
(Not available in some locations)
Remote Control Power cord DP cableHolder (1EA) / Half holder (1EA) 
(for video wall) / Screws (8EA)
Holder-Ring (4EA) / Screw (4EA)PreparationsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Items sold separately
 -The following items can be purchased 
at your nearest retailer.
Wall-mount Kit Stand RS232C-Stereo cable DVI cable HDMI-DVI cable
D-SUB cable HDMI cable Video cable Stereo cable Component cable
RCA stereo cable RCA cable AV/Component adapter AUDIO adapter LAN cable
Network BoxDP-DVI cable
(Used to connect a network 
box)Samsung Wireles LAN Adapter Magic PresenterDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Parts
External sensor KIT
POWERON
 ―The External sensor KIT has a remote-control sensor, a brightness sensor and function keys. If mounting the display onto a 
wall, you can move the External sensor KIT to the side of the display.
 ―The colour and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to 
improve quality.
Buttons Description
Remote Control 
SensorAim the remote control towards this spot on the LCD Display.
 ―Keep the area between the remote sensor and remote control obstacle-free.
Light sensorAutomatically detects the intensity of ambient light around a selected display and 
adjusts the screen brightness.
Power indicator Turns off in power-on mode and blinks green in power-saving mode.
POWER button Use this button for turning the LCD Display on and off.
SOURCE buttonSwitches from PC mode to Video mode.
Selects the input source that an external device is connected to.
Use the remote control within 7m to 10m from the sensor on the product at an angle of 30  from the left and right.
 ―Store used batteries out of reach of children and recycle.
 ―Do not use a new and used battery together. Replace both batteries at the same time.
 ―Remove batteries when the remote control is not to be used for an extended period of time.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reverse Side
 ―The colour and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are 
subject to change without notice to improve quality.
IR
 OUT CONTROL IN DP IN HDMI IN 1 HDMI IN 2DVI IN
(MAGICINFO)AV / 
COMPONENT INAUDIO
OUT
INRJ 45RS232C OUT RS232C OUTRS232C OUTRS232C OUTRS232C OUT SD CARD RS232C IN
RGB IN USBDP OUT
(LOOPOUT)
Port Description
IR OUT Receives the remote control signal via the external sensor board and outputs the 
signal via LOOP OUT.
CONTROL IN Supplies power to the external sensor board or receives the light sensor signal.
DP IN Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2 Connects to a source device using an HDMI cable.
DP OUT (LOOPOUT) Connects to another product using a DP cable.
DVI IN (MAGICINFO) DVI IN: Connects to a source device using a DVI cable or HDMI-DVI cable.
MAGICINFO: To use MagicInfo, make sure to connect the DP-DVI cable.
RGB IN Connects to a source device using a D-SUB cable.
AV / COMPONENT IN Connects to a source device using the AV/Component adapter.
AUDIO OUT Connects to the audio of a source device.
AUDIO IN Receives sound from a PC via an audio cable.
RJ45 Connects to MDC using a LAN cable.
USB Connect to a USB memory device.
RS232C OUT Connects to MDC using an RS232C cable.
RS232C IN
SD CARD Connect to an SD memory card.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Anti-theft Lock
 ―An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places.
 ―The locking device shape and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 ―The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the images.
To lock an anti-theft locking device:
1 Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object such as a desk.
2 Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3 Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4 Lock the locking device.
 -An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
 -Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 -Anti-theft locking devices can be purchased at electronics retailers or online.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   -Remote control button functions may 
differ for different products.
 -Remove batteries when the remote control is not to be used for an extended period of time.
 -Using other display devices in the same space as the remote control of this product can cause the other display devices to be inadvertently controlled.
 -Buttons without descriptions in the image are not supported.Remote Control
 ―Using other display devices in the same space as the remote control of this product can cause the other display devices to be inadvertently controlled.
 ―A button without a description in the image below is not supported on the product.
HOMEMENUPOWER
OFF
VOL
 MagicInfo
Player I.QZ
1ABC
2DEF
3
GHI
4JKL
5MNO
6
SYMBOL
0PRS
7TUV
8WXY
9
MUTE
SOURCE
CHDEL-/--CH LISTPower off the product.
Number buttons
Enter the password in the OSD menu.
Mute the sound.
Unmuting the sound: Press MUTE again or press 
the volume control(+ VOL -) button.
Go to Home Launch Button.Use this hotkey to directly access MagicInfo.
The hotkey works if the network box is 
connected.Power on the product.
Adjust the volume.
Change the input source.
Display or hide the onscreen display menu, or 
return to the previous menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  TOOLS INFO
SET UNSET LOCKPC
ADVI
BHDMI
C
DP
DEXIT RETURN
IR controlDisplay information about the current input 
source.
Move to the upper, lower, left or right menu, or 
adjust an option's setting.
Confirm a menu selection.
Exit the current menu.
Manually select a connected input source from  
PC, DVI , HDMI, or DisplayPort.
It sets safe lock function.
Used in Anynet+ mode and multimedia mode.Quickly select frequently used functions.
Return to the previous menu.
If multiple products are connected through the 
Video Wall feature, press the SET button and 
enter a product ID using the number buttons.
Control the product using the remote control.
Cancel a value that has been set using the SET 
button and control all connected products using 
the remote control.
 -Remote control button functions may 
differ for different products.
To place batteries in the remote control
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection Using an IR Stereo Cable  
(sold separately)
Make sure to connect the External ambient sensor while the product is powered 
off.  Then, power on the product.
Controlling more than one display product using 
your remote control
 • Connect the IR OUT port on the product to the CONTROL IN port on the 
other display product using the dedicated stereo cable.
 • A command sent from the remote control pointed at product 1 will be 
received by both display products 1 and 2.
 ―The appearance may differ depending on the product.1 2
IR OUT CONTROL IN
Controlling more than one display product using an 
External ambient sensor (sold separately)
 • A command sent from the remote control pointed at product 1 (to which 
the External ambient sensor is connected) will be received by both display 
products 1 and 2.
 ―The appearance may differ depending on the product.
1 2
IR OUT CONTROL INCONTROL IN
POWER
SOURCE
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Before Installing the Product 
(Installation Guide)To prevent injury, this apparatus must be securely attached to the floor/wall in accordance with the installation instructions.
 • Ensure that an authorized installation company installs the wall mount.
 • Otherwise, it may fall and cause personal injury.
 • Make sure to install the specified wall mount.
Switching between portrait and landscape
 ―Contact Samsung Customer Service Centre for further details.
 • To use the product in portrait orientation, rotate it clockwise.
A
B
Figure 1.1 Side viewVentilation
Installation on a Perpendicular Wall
A Minimum 40 mm
B Ambient temperature: Under 35 C
 • When installing the product on a perpendicular wall, allow at least 40 mm of space between the product and wall surface 
for ventilation and ensure that the ambient A temperature is kept below 35 C.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  AB
C
EFigure 1.3 Side view
D D
Figure 1.2 Side viewInstallation on an Indented Wall
 ―Contact Samsung Customer Service Centre for further details.
Plane view
A Minimum 40 mm
B Minimum 70 mmC Minimum 50 mmD Minimum 50 mm
E Ambient temperature: Under 35
C
 ―When installing the product on an indented wall, allow at least the space specified above between the product and wall for 
ventilation and ensure that the ambient temperature is kept below 35 C.
Dimensions
1
2
345Unit: mm (inches)
Model name 1 12 23 43 45
UD46D-P 1022.1 (40.2) 1018.3 (40.1) 572.9 (22.6) 576.7 (22.7) 97.0 (3.8)
 ―All drawings are not necessarily to scale. Some dimensions are subject to change without prior notice.
Refer to the dimensions prior to performing installation of your product. Not responsible for typographical or printed errors.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Installing the Wall Mount Preparing before installing Wall-Mount
To install a wall-mount from another manufacturer, use the Holder-Ring.
Installing the Wall Mount
The wall mount kit (sold separately) allows you to mount the product on the wall.
For detailed information on installing the wall mount, see the instructions provided with the wall mount.We recommend you contact a technician for assistance when installing the wall mount bracket.Samsung Electronics is not responsible for any damage to the product or injury to yourself or others if you elect to install the 
wall mount on your own.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Wall Mount Kit Specifications (VESA)
 ―Install your wall mount on a solid wall perpendicular to the floor. Before 
attaching the wall mount to surfaces other than plaster board, please contact 
your nearest dealer for additional information.
If you install the product on a slanted wall, it may fall and result in severe 
personal injury. • Samsung wall mount kits contain a detailed installation manual and all parts necessary for assembly are provided.
 • Do not use screws that are longer than the standard length or do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications. Screws that are too long may cause damage to the inside of the product.
 • For wall mounts that do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications, the length of the screws may differ depending on the wall mount specifications.
 • Do not fasten the screws too firmly. This may damage the product or cause the product to fall, leading to personal injury. Samsung is not liable for these kinds of accidents.
 • Samsung is not liable for product damage or personal injury when a non-VESA or non-specified wall mount is used or the consumer fails to follow the product installation instructions.
 • Always have two people mount the product on a wall.
 • Standard dimensions for wall mount kits are shown in the table below.
Unit: mm (inches)
Model name VESA screw hole 
specs (A * B) in millimetersStandard Screw Quantity
UD46D-P 600 × 400 (23.6 × 15.7) M8 4
 ―Do not install your Wall Mount Kit while your product is turned on. It may result in personal injury due to electric shock.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting and Using a Source Device
Before Connecting
Pre-connection Checkpoints
 ―Before connecting a source device, read the user manual provided with it.
The number and locations of ports on source devices may differ from device to device.
 ―Do not connect the power cable until all connections are completed.
Connecting the power cable during connection may damage the product.
 ―Connect the sound ports correctly: left = white and right = red.
 ―Check the types of ports at the back of the product you want to connect.Connecting to a PC
 • Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables.
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 • A PC can be connected to the product in a variety of ways.Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
Connection using the D-SUB cable (Analogue type)
RGB IN
AUDIO INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection using a DVI cable (Digital type)
DVI IN (MAGICINFO)
 AUDIO INConnection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable
 ―When you connect a PC to the product using an HDMI-DVI cable, set Edit Name to DVI PC to access 
video and audio content stored on the PC.
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2
AUDIO INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection Using an HDMI Cable
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2Connection Using an DP Cable
DP IN
 • Precautions for using DP
 ―To increase the standby power capacity, the product stops DP communication when it is turned 
off or in power-saving mode.
If the product in dual monitor mode is turned off or goes into power-saving mode, monitor 
setting changes may not be updated. As a result, screen output may not be displayed properly.
In the occurrence of this issue, set Max. Power Saving to Off before using the product.
 ―Some graphics cards that are not compliant with the DP standard may prevent the Windows 
Booting/Bios screen from being displayed when the product is in power-saving mode. If this is 
the case, make sure to turn on the product first before turning on your PC.
 ―The DisplayPort interface (DP IN) on the product and the provided DP cable are designed based 
on the VESA standards. Using a DP cable that is not VESA compliant may cause the product to function improperly. Samsung Electronics shall not be held responsible for any issues from using a cable that is not VESA compliant.
Make sure to use a DP cable that is VESA compliant.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting to a Video Device
 • Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables.
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 • You can connect a video device to the product using a cable.
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 ―Press the SOURCE button on the remote control to change the source.
Connection Using the AV Cable
AV / COMPONENT IN
AUDIO INConnection Using the component Cable
AV / COMPONENT IN
AUDIO INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable
 ―Audio will not be enabled if the product is connected to a video device using an HDMI-DVI cable. To 
resolve this, additionally connect an audio cable to the audio ports on the product and video device. 
When you connect a video device to the product using an HDMI-DVI cable, set Edit Name to DVI 
Devices to access video and audio content stored on the video device.
 ―Supported resolutions include 1080p (50/60Hz), 720p (50/60Hz), 480p, and 576p.
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2
AUDIO INConnection Using an HDMI Cable
Using an HDMI cable or HDMI to DVI Cable (up to 1080p)
 • For better picture and audio quality, connect to a digital device using an HDMI cable.
 • An HDMI cable supports digital video and audio signals, and does not require an audio cable.
 -To connect the product to a digital device that does not support HDMI output, use an HDMI-DVI and audio cables.
 • The picture may not display normally (if at all) or the audio may not work if an external device that uses an older version of HDMI mode is connected to the product. If such a problem occurs, ask the manufacturer of the external device about the HDMI version and, if out of date, request an upgrade.
 • Be sure to use an HDMI cable with a thickness of 14 mm or less.
 • Be sure to purchase a certified HDMI cable. Otherwise, the picture may not display or a connection error may occur.
 • A basic high-speed HDMI cable or one with ethernet is recommended.
This product does not support the ethernet function via HDMI.
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting to an Audio System
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
AUDIO OUTConnecting the LAN Cable
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
RJ45
 • Use Cat7(*STP Type) cable for the connection. 
*Shielded Twist PairDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the network box (Sold separately)
 ―For details on how to connect to a network box, refer to the user's manual provided with the network box upon purchase.
MagicInfo
To use MagicInfo, a network box (sold separately) must be connected to the product.
 ―To change the MagicInfo settings, run "MagicinfoSetupWizard" on the desktop.
 ―For details on how to use MagicInfo, refer to the DVD provided with the network box.
 ―The information in this section is subject to change without notice for quality improvement.
 ―If a problem occurs after installing an operating system other than the one provided with the network box, restoring the previous version of the operating system, or 
installing software that is not compatible with the operating system provided, you will not be able to benefit from technical support and will be charged a fee for a visit 
from a service technician. A product exchange or refund will also not be available.
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Select Application - step 1
MagicInfo Pro (LAN, WAN based version)
MagicInfo-i Premium (Web-based version)
Select Later
< Back(B) Next(N) > Finish CancelEntering MagicInfo mode
1 After installing and connecting the network box (sold separately) to the product, power on the product.
2 Press SOURCE on the remote control, and select MagicInfo.
 ―Connecting the network box to the DVI IN (MAGICINFO) port on the product will change Source  from DVI  to MagicInfo.
3 Select the default application you want to run when MagicInfo starts.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Select TCP/IP - step 2
Obtain an IP address automatically
Use the following IP address:
IP address:
Subnet mask:
Default gateway:192 . 168 .  0  . 102
255 . 255 . 255 .  0
192 . 168 .   0   .   1
Obtain DNS server address automatically
Use the following DNS server address:
Preferred DNS server:
Alternate DNS server:10 . 44 . 33 . 22
10 . 33 . 22 . 11
< Back(B) Next(N) > Finish Cancel4 Enter the IP information.
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Select Language -step 3
Select the language you want to install on the system for menus and 
dialogs.
Current Language    :    Engilsh
German
English
French
ItalianChinese [Traditional]
Japanese
Korean
Russian
Swedish
Turkish
Chinese [Simplified]
Portuguese
< Back(B) Next(N) > Finish Cancel5 Select a language. (The default 
language is English.)
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Select Screen Type - step 4
Landscape
Portrait
< Back(B) Next(N) > Finish Cancel6 Select a display mode.
MagicInfo Setup Wizard - v.1.12
Setup Information
1. Application :     MagicInfo Pro [LAN,WAN based version\
2. Internet Protocol [TCP/IP]       IP :       192.168.0.1023. Language :     English4. Screen Type :     Landscape
Do not show again
< Back(B) Apply Finish Cancel7 Double-check the settings you have just configured.
 ―If the execution icon does not appear, 
double-click the MagicInfo icon on 
the desktop. The icon will appear at the bottom right of the screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Changing the Input source
Source
SOURCE → Source 
Source
HDMI1 HDMI2 AV DisplayPort Component PC
To go to Options, press and hold the Enter button.
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Source  allows you to select a variety of sources and change source device names.
You can display the screen of a source device connected to the product. Select a source from source list to display the screen 
of the selected source.
 ―The input source can also be changed by using the SOURCE button on the remote control.
 ―The screen may not display correctly if an incorrect source is selected for the source device you want to convert to.
 ―To view detailed information about connected source devices, press the TOOLS button from the Source  page. 
Edit Name
SOURCE → Source → TOOLS → Edit Name → ENTER E
Sometimes the screen will not display properly unless the name of a source device is specified in Edit Name.
In addition, it is best to rename the source device in Edit Name to obtain optimal picture quality.
 ―The list can include the following source devices. Source  devices on the list differ depending on the selected source.
PC / Cable STB / Satellite STB / PVR STB / Game / Blu-ray / DVD  / VCR  / AV Receiver / Camcorder / DVI PC /  
DVI Devices / TV  / IPTV / HD DVD / DMA
 ―Available settings in the Picture menu depend on the current source and settings made in Edit Name.
 • When connecting a PC to the HDMI terminal, set Edit Name to PC. In other cases, set Edit Name to AV devices.
 • When connecting a PC to the HDMI IN port with HDMI cable, you should set the product to PC mode under Edit Name.
 • When connecting a PC to the HDMI IN port with HDMI to DVI cable, you should set the product to DVI PC mode under 
Edit Name.
 • When connecting an AV devices to the HDMI IN  port with HDMI to DVI cable, you should set the product to DVI Devices  
mode under Edit Name.
Information
SOURCE → Source → TOOLS → Information → ENTER E
You can see detailed information about the selected external device.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using MDC
MDC Programme Installation/Uninstallation
Installation
 ―MDC installation can be affected by the graphics card, mother board and network conditions.
1 Click the MDC Unified installation programme.
2 Select a language for installation. Next, click "OK".
3 When the " Welcome to the InstallShield Wizard for MDC_Unified " screen appears, click " Next ".
4 In the "License Agreement" window displayed, select  
"I accept the terms in the license agreement" and click "Next ".
5 In the displayed "Customer Information" window, fill out all the information fields and click "Next ".
6 In the displayed "Destination Folder" window, select the directory path you want to install the programme in and click "Next ".
 ―If the directory path is not specified, the programme will be installed in the default directory 
path.7 In the displayed "Ready to Install the Program" window, check the directory path to install the programme in and click "Install".
8 Installation progress will be displayed.
9 Click "Finish" in the displayed "InstallShield Wizard Complete" window.
 ―Select "Launch MDC Unified" and click "Finish" to run the MDC programme immediately.
10 The MDC Unified shortcut icon will be created on the desktop after installation.
 ―The MDC execution icon may not be displayed depending on the PC system or product 
specifications.
 ―Press F5 if the execution icon is not displayed.
Uninstallation
1 Select Settings > Control Panel on the Start menu and double-click Add/Delete Program.
2 Select MDC Unified from the list and click Change/Remove.Multiple display control "MDC" is an application that allows you to easily control multiple display devices simultaneously using a PC.
For details on how to use the MDC programme, refer to Help after installing the programme. The MDC programme can be downloaded from the website.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting to MDC
Using MDC via RS-232C (serial data communications standards)
An RS-232C serial cable must be connected to the serial ports on the PC and monitor.
RS232C IN /OUTMonitor 1
Monitor 2
ComputerDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using MDC via Ethernet
Enter the IP for the primary display device and connect the device to the PC. Display devices can be connected to each other using a LAN cable.
Connection using a direct LAN cable
 ―Multiple products can be connected using the RJ45 port on the product and the LAN ports on the HUB.
RJ45 MDC
HUB
Monitor 1
Monitor 2ComputerDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection using a cross LAN cable
 ―Multiple products can be connected using the RS232C IN / OUT port on the product.
Monitor 1
Monitor 2
ComputerRS232C OUT RJ45 MDCDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Home feature
 ―To use the Player feature, set Play via to MagicInfo in System .
Play a range of content such as channels with schedules assigned, templates or files.
Play channels or content using any of the following methods.
 • Network Channel: Play content using the server.
 ―To run Network Channel, make sure the product is connected to the server.
 • Local Channel: Play content in internal memory or from external memory.Player
HOME  → Player → ENTER E
Player
Play various contents sych as scheduled 
channels, templates or files.
Clone Product
Picture ModeID SettingsOn/Off TimerVideo WallTickerNetwork StatusMore settingsSchedule Template
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.This feature is provided in Support → Go to Home.
Accessible using the HOME button on the remote control.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Approving a connected device from the server
 • Set MagicInfo Mode to MagicInfo in Server Network Settings.
Approve and use the MagicInfo server now.
 ―First configure the server Network Settings before device approval.
1 Access the server you have assigned to your device.
2 Enter your ID and password to log in.3 Select Device from the top menu bar.
4 Select MagicInfo from the menus on the left.
5 Select Unapproved from the sub-menus of MagicInfo.
6 Select the Approve button for your device from the list of unapproved MagicInfo devices.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  7 Enter the information required to approve the device.
 • Device Name: Enter the device name.
 • Device Group: Select 
  to specify the group.
 • Location: Enter the current location of the device.
 ―Pressing the INFO button on the remote when a network schedule is running will display the details of 
the schedule. Check that the correct device has been selected by viewing the device ID in the details.
8 Select the All  menu to check that the device has been registered.
9 When the device is approved by the server, the schedule registered in the selected group will be 
downloaded to the device. The schedule will run after it is downloaded.
 ―For further details on how to configure a schedule, refer to the <MagicInfo Server user's manual>.
 ―If a device is deleted from the list of devices approved by the server, the device will reboot to reset its 
settings.
Setting the current time
A schedule may not run if the time set on the device is different from the server's current time.
1 Go to the tabs Device → Time.
2 Select your device.
3 Select Clock Set, and sync the time with the server.
 • When connecting to the server for the first time, the time on the product is set using the GMT time 
of the region where the server is installed.
 • The time on the product can be changed from the server as shown in step 3.
 • Turning the product off and then on again will restore the time setting on the product to the last time that was set from the server.
 ―For further details on how to manage the time (scheduling, holiday management, etc.), refer to the 
<MagicInfo Server user's manual>.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network Channel
Play content, templates and schedules configured on the server.
 • You can view whether the server is connected (approval) in the Player menu screen.
To view whether the server is connected when a Network Channel is running, press INFO on the remote.
1 Select Network Channel from the Player menu.
2 Network Channel will run.
Local Channel
Play a schedule or channel that was configured in the product.
1 Select Local Channel from the Player menu.
 ―The No channels message appears if no channel has been registered in Local Channel.
2 Local Channel will run.
Deployed Folders
Play a template stored on a connected USB device.
 ―The Deployed Folders feature appears only when a USB device containing templates is connected.
My Templates
Play a template in My Templates stored in the internal memory of the product.
PlayerDevice:Internal Contents: All Sort by: File Name.... Options
item(s)Browse and play content stored on the selected device.
No channels
Network Channel
Local Channel
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Available features in the Player page
The Player list page provides the following features.
 • Device
Select either Internal or USB to search for a desired device list.
 - All / Internal / USB
 • ContentsSelect a content type as criterion to search for a desired content list.
 - All / Video / Image / PDF / Flash / Office / Template
 • Sort bySpecify the content sort criterion.
 - File Name / Recently played
 • Options
Menu items in the Player page
Option Name Operations
Play Seleted Select and play desired content.
Send Copy content to another storage device.
Delete Delete desired content.
Go to Multimedia Play content using the media play feature.
Settings Configure detailed properties of content.
 ―See the following page for details on the Settings feature.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Player page Settings menu
Settings
Settings
Aspect Ratio
Display DurationTransition EffectContent LayoutSafely Remove USB DeviceLandscapeSet whether to display content in the original aspect ratio or in full 
screen size.
Close
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Aspect Ratio
Set Aspect Ratio to either Original or Full.
 • Full / Original
 ―This feature is only available for Videos, Images, PDF and Office files.
Display Duration
Set the duration for each page in a slideshow.
 ―This feature is only available for Images, PDF, Flash and Office files.
Transition Effect
Configure transition effects between pages or scenes in a slideshow or video file.
 • None / Fade1 / Fade2 / Blind / Spiral / Checker / Linear / Stairs / Wipe / Random
 ―This feature is only available for Images files.
Content Layout
Switch the orientation of playing content to Landscape or Portrait mode.
 • Landscape / Portrait
 ―If Content Layout is Portrait view, it does not support VP8 video codec.
Safely Remove USB Device
Safely removes USB memory
Reset Settings
Restore all the values under Settings to the default when the product was purchased.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  When Content is Running
Viewing the details of the content that is running
Information
Type:
CH Number:CH Name:Software Version:MAC ID:Tags:Server:USB:Schedule download:Network Channel
No channels selectedNo channels selected
B2B-EP-MIP-4510
FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF
None
Not connectedNot connected
No Schedule to download
OK
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Press the INFO button on the remote control.
 • Type : Type of channel currently playing
 ―Only applicable during Network Channel / Local Channel playback.
 • CH Number: Number assigned to the channel currently playing
 ―Only applicable during Network Channel / Local Channel playback.
 • CH Name: Name of the channel currently playing
 ―Only applicable during Network Channel / Local Channel playback.
 • Software Version: Displays the software version of a device
 • MAC ID: Displays the original identification number of a device
 • Tags: Tag settings assigned to a device from the server
 • Server: Displays the connection status (Connected, Disconnected or Not approved) of the server
 • USB: Displays the connection status of a USB device
 • Schedule download: Displays the progress of a network schedule being downloaded from the serverDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Changing the settings for the content that is running
Music Playlist Picture Mode Sound Mode Repeat
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 -This feature is not available when content is playing through Video Wall .Press the TOOLS button on the remote control during content playback to configure settings such as Picture Mode and 
Sound Mode.
 • Playlist
View a list of content items currently playing.
 • MusicSet the background music for the content currently playing.
 • Picture ModeCustomizes the screen settings for the content currently playing
 - Shops & Malls / Offices & Schools / Terminals & Stations / Video Wall / Calibration
 • Sound ModeCustomizes the audio settings for the content currently playing
 - Standard / Music / Movie / Clear Voice / Amplify
 • RepeatSet the repeat mode.
 - One / AllDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  File Formats Compatible with Player
 • Supported file systems include FAT32 and NTFS.
 • A file with a vertical and horizontal resolution larger than the maximum resolution cannot be 
played.
Check the vertical and horizontal resolution of the file.
 • Check the supported video and audio Codec types and Versions.
 • Check the supported file versions.
 -Flash version up to 10.1 is supported
 -PowerPoint version up to 97 – 2007 is supported
 • Only the last USB device that was connected is recognized.
Network Schedule Multiframe
Playback restrictions
 • A maximum of two video files (Videos) can be played simultaneously.
 • In portrait playback mode, only one video file can be played at a time.
 • More than one Flash file cannot be played.
 • For Office files (PPT and Word files) and PDF files, only one file type is supported at a time.
 • LFD(.lfd) files are not supported.
Sound output restrictions
 • More than one sound output cannot be used.
 • Playback priority: Flash file > network BGM > local BGM > video file in the main frame selected 
by the user
 ―Network BGM: Settings can be configured in step 1 when creating a server schedule.
 ―Local BGM: BGM settings can be configured using the tools displayed after the TOOLS button 
is pressed during Player playback.
 ―User-selected main frame: Main frame settings can be configured in step 2 when creating a 
server schedule.Template files and LFD(.lfd) files
Restrictions
 • Ensure a distributed folder (content / schedules) exists in Internal / USB memory. 
Playback restrictions
 • A maximum of two video (Videos) files can be played.
 • More than one Flash file cannot be played.
 • For Office files (PPT and Word files) and PDF files, only one file type is supported at a time.
 • Multiple videos (Videos) cannot be played on a single display of a video wall simultaneously.
Sound output restrictions
 • More than one sound output cannot be used.
 • Playback priority: Flash file > network BGM > local BGM > video file in the main frame selected by the userDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents
File Extension Container Video Codec Resolution Frame rate
(fps)Bit rate(Mbps)Audio Codec
*.avi
*.mkv*.asf*.wmv*.mp4*.mov*.3gp*.vro*.mpg*.mpeg*.ts*.tp*.trp*.flv*.vob*.svi*.m2ts*.mts*.divxAVI
MKVASFMP43GPVROVOBPSTSDivX 3.11 / 4.x / 5.x / 6.x 1920 x 1080 6~30 30
AC3
LPCMAACHE-AACWMADD+MPEG(MP3)DTS CoreG.711(ALaw, μ-Law)
MPEG4 SP / ASP
H.264 BP / MP / HPMotion JPEGWindow Media Video v9MPEG2MPEG1VP6 640 x 480 4Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Audio Image
 • 3D video is not supported.
 • Content with a resolution larger than the 
resolution specified in the table above is not supported.
 • Video content with a Bit rate or Frame rate larger than the rate specified in the table above can cause choppy video during playback.
 • Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if there is an error in the content or the container.
 • Some USB/digital camera devices may not be compatible with the player.
 • Supports up to H.264, Level 4.1
 • H.264 FMO / ASO / RS, VC1 SP / MP / AP L4 and AVCHD are not supported.
 • For all Video codecs except MVC, VP8, VP6:
 -Below 1280 x 720: 60 frame max
 -Above 1280 x 720: 30 frame max
 • GMC 2 or higher is not supported.
 • Supports only BD MVC Spec.
 • Certain codecs (MVC, VP8 and MJPEG) will not be supported in the following situations: playing different file types successively, playing LFD files, or playing files in portrait mode. • Audio content with a Bit rate or Frame rate larger than the rate specified in the table above can cause choppy audio during playback.
 • Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if there is an error in the content or the container.
 • Some USB/digital camera devices may not be compatible with the player.
 • Supports up to WMA 10 Pro 5.1 channel. WMA lossless audio is not supported.
 • QCELP , AMR NB/WB are not supported. • Compatible image file format : Jpeg
 • Supported maximum resolution : 15,360 x 8,640
 • Supported image effects : 9 effects
(Fade1, Fade2, Blind, Spiral, Checker, Linear, 
Stairs, Wipe, Random)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Flash Power Point PDF
 • Compatible with Flash 10.1
 • Flash Animation
 -Compatible file format : SWF
 • Recommended resolution : 960 x 540
 -Caution
Performance comparable to Flash Player 
on a Windows operating system cannot be guaranteed
Optimization is needed during content 
creation
 • Flash Video
 -Compatible file format : FLV
 -Video
Codec : H.264 BP
Resolution : 1920 x 1080
 -Audio
Codec : H.264 BP
 -CautionF4V file format is not supported
Screen Video is not supported • Compatible document file formats
 -Extension : ppt, pptx
 -Version : Office 97 ~ Office 2007
 • Functions not supported
 -Animation effect
 -3D shapes (which will be displayed in 2D)
 -Header and footer (some subitems are not 
supported)
 -Word Art
 -Align
A group alignment error may occur
 -Office 2007SmartArt is not fully supported. 97 out of 
115 subitems are supported.
 -Object insertion
 -Half-width characters
 -Letter spacing
 -Charts
 -Vertical text
some subitems are not supported
 -Slide notes and handout • Compatible document file formats
 -Extension : pdf
 • Functions not supported
 -Content less than 1 pixel not supported 
because of performance degradation issue.
 -Masked Image, Tiled Image content not supported.
 -Content with Rotated Text, not supported.
 -3D Shadow Effects not supported.
 -Some characters not supported
(Special characters may be corrupted)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  WORD Template files LFD
 • Compatible document file formats
 -Extension : .doc, .docx
 -Version : Office 97 ~ Office 2007
 • Functions not supported
 -Page background effect
 -Some paragraph styles
 -Word Art
 -Align
A group alignment error may occur
 -3D shapes (which will be displayed in 2D)
 -Office 2007SmartArt is not fully supported. 97 out of 
115 subitems are supported.
 -Charts
 -Half-width characters
 -Letter spacing
 -Vertical text
some subitems are not supported
 -Slide notes and handout • Creation/editing/playback are only available in 
Template. • Supported in Network Channel and Local Channel
 • Compatible document file formats
 -Extension : .lfdDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  File Formats Compatible with Video Wall
 ―Refer to the <MagicInfo Server user's manual> for further details.
Video Image
 • 3D video is not supported.
 • Content with a resolution larger than the resolution specified in the table 
above is not supported.
 • Video content with a Bit rate or Frame rate larger than the rate specified in the table above can cause choppy video during playback.
 • Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if there is an error in the content or the container.
 • Some USB/digital camera devices may not be compatible with the player.
 • Supports up to H.264, Level 4.1
 • H.264 FMO / ASO / RS, VC1 SP / MP / AP L4 and AVCHD are not supported.
 • For all Video codecs except MVC, VP8, VP6:
 -Below 1280 x 720: 60 frame max
 -Above 1280 x 720: 30 frame max
 • GMC 2 or higher is not supported.
 • Supports only BD MVC Spec.
 • Some codecs may not be supported in portrait playback mode. • Compatible image file format : Jpeg, png, bmp
 • Supported maximum resolution : 15360 x 8640
 ―A higher resolution image may take longer to display on the screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Restrictions
 • Only one video (Videos) file can be played per client.
 ―Different content files can be played on the displays of a video wall.
Two video (Videos) files cannot be played on a single display of a video wall.
AvailableAvailable Not availableDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Schedule
HOME  → Schedule → ENTER E
12:00 am
12:30 am01:00 am01:30 am02:00 am02:30 am03:00 am03:30 am04:00 am04:30 am05:00 am05:30 amAdd content to create 
a programme on the 
channel.
Configure the display 
duration to set how long 
each item of content will 
play for.
Set a start time and 
a stop time for the 
programme.Playing Time [CH1]Chnnel 1 [CH2]Chnnel 2 [CH3]Chnnel 3Options Type : Local Device : Internal
Schedule your content on a local channel or edit existing channels.Schedule
Add Programme Schedule your content on 
CH 2.Schedule your content on 
CH 3.Available features in the Schedule page
The Schedule page provides the following features.
 • Type
 - Local: Add or edit schedules.
 - Network: View the network schedule configured on the server.
 • Device
 -Display the name of a connected storage device.
 ―This option only activates if Type is set to Local in Device.
 • Options
Menu items in the Schedule page
Option Name Operations
Send Send configured schedules to another storage device. This is similar to the "copy" feature 
on PCs.
Delete Delete schedules.
Settings The default content plays on a channel that does not contain programme information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Configuring channel schedules
Play media content such as videos, photos and music at a desired time.
1 Select a channel to configure.
2 Select video, music and photo content you want to apply to the channel schedule.
3 Set the time to play the schedule. (Start Time ~ Stop Time)
4 Change the channel schedule name, and then select a destination folder to save to.
5 Press the Save  button.
 ―Only applicable when Type is set to Local.
Editing a channel schedule.
Change settings for a configured channel schedule such as content, the duration and the schedule name.
1 Select a channel to edit.
2 Select video, photo or music content to edit in the channel schedule.
 -Deleting content: Place the cursor over the desired content and then press the E button to delete it.
 -Move to the far right end of the content list. Click the + button to add content or change the playback order of content items.
3 Set the time to play the schedule. (Start Time ~ Stop Time)
4 Change the channel schedule name, and then select a destination folder to save to.
5 Press the Save  button.
 ―Only applicable when Type is set to Local.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Template
HOME  → Template → ENTER E
Market : All Layout : Landscape
item(s) Select a template to customise.Template
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 -The Template function is disabled if Video Wall is set to On . Available features in the Template page
Create unique content using templates. It is easy to create content. Simply change images and text in a 
template.
Sort the template list using the following criteria.
 • Market
 • Layout
 - Landscape / Portrait
1 Select a template from the provided sample templates.
New town
interior design
Sustainble evolution unfolods tomorrw’s design
Background Screen Background MusicSelect in the editable zone to add content or edit the existing text.Template
Preview
SaveDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2 Organize a template by inserting text, video, photo, or PDF files as desired.
Entering text
New town
interior design
Sustainble evolution unfolods tomorrw’s design
Background Screen Background MusicSelect in the editable zone to add content or edit the existing text.Template
Preview
SaveEdit Text
Font options
Edit Text
Select the Edit Text window to enter text.
Font options
Font Colour: Specify the text colour for the message.
Background Colour: Specify the background colour for the message.Background opacity: Specify the background transparency for the message.Alignment: Select a message alignment mode.Scroll: Specify the scroll direction/speed for the message.Hide Element: Display or hide a message.
 ―Selecting Hide does not reset the message settings.
Reset: Reset all settings in Font options to default settings.Inserting content such as videos, photos and PDF files
picture1.jpg
Edit
Duration Options Hide Element Show
Aspect Ratio MuteItem(s) selected
Select item to deleteSelect in the editable zone to add content or edit the existing text.Template
Done Cancel
Configuring the background image/background music
..
Background Screen Device : Internal
Background Colour White Done CancelSelect in the editable zone to add content or edit the existing text.TemplateDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Preview
New town
interior design
Sustainble evolution unfolods tomorrw’s design
Template preview is running. It will stop 
after 20 seconds.
1 Preview the created template using the Preview  feature.
2 To save the template, press the Save  button.3 Configure Template Name and Storage.
Save
Duration
Template NameStorage23:59:59
Template1
Internal
Save Cancel
4 Press the Save  button to finish creating the content.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Clone Product
HOME  → Clone Product → ENTER E
Clone Product
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Export the product settings to a USB device or load the settings via a USB device.
This option is useful when assigning the same settings to several products.
When USB does not contain a duplicate file
1 Connect the USB device to a USB port. Run the Clone Product function.
2 The No cloning file found on the USB device. Copy system settings from this product to the USB storage device?  
message appears.
When USB contains a duplicate file
1 Connect the USB device to a USB port. Run the Clone Product function.
2 The Cloning file found. Please select an option. message appears.
Run the Clone From USB or Clone to USB function.
 - Clone From USB: Apply the USB device settings to the product.
 - Clone to USB: Copy the product settings to the USB device.
 ―After configuration is complete, the product is rebooted automatically.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ID Settings
HOME  → ID Settings → ENTER E
ID Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Assign an ID to a set.
Press u/d to select a number, and press E .
Device ID
Enter the ID number of the product connected to the input cable for input signal reception. (Range: 0~224)
 ―Enter the number you want using the number buttons on the remote control.
PC Connection Cable
Select a method to connect to MDC to receive the MDC signal.
 • RS232C cable
Communicate with MDC via the RS232C-stereo cable.
 • RJ45(LAN) cableCommunicate with MDC via the RJ45 cable.
Device ID Auto Set
This feature automatically allots an ID number to a device connected via an RS232C cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Wall
HOME  → Video Wall → ENTER E
Video Wall
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Customize the layout of multiple displays that are connected to form a video wall.
In addition, display part of a whole picture or repeat the same picture on each of the connected multiple displays.To display multiple images, refer to MDC Help or the MagicInfo user guide. Some models may not support the MagicInfo 
function.
Apply to
 • Current Source (screen output from a device connected to Source ): Configure videowall features for the screen output 
from an external device connected to the product.
 • MagicInfo Player S: Configure videowall features for content saved in the product or content saved on a USB memory or SD card.
Restrictions
 ―Playback may be initially choppy if video files of different resolutions play successively (i.e., 1280x720 content plays after 
1920x1080 content) or an image file and a video file play one after the other.
Video Image
 • Supported resolution
 -1920 x 1080 @ 24p/30p
 -1280 x 720 @ 24p/30p/60p
 • HEVC and 3D images are not supported. • Compatible image file format : Jpeg, png, bmp
 • Supported maximum resolution
 -jpeg: 15360 x 8640
 -png: 4096 x 4096
 -bmp: 4096 x 4096Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Wall
You can activate or deactivate Video Wall.
To organize a video wall, select On .
 • Off / On
Horizontal x Vertical
This feature automatically splits a videowall display based on a videowall matrix configuration.Enter the videowall matrix.The videowall display is split based on the configured matrix. The number of vertical or horizontal display devices can be set within the range 1 and 15.
 ―A videowall display can be split into a maximum of 225 screens.
 ―The Horizontal x Vertical option is only enabled when Video Wall is set to On .
Screen Position
To rearrange split screens, adjust the number for each product in the matrix using the Screen Position feature.
Selecting Screen Position will display the videowall matrix with the numbers assigned to the products that form the videowall.To rearrange products, use the direction buttons on the remote control to move a product to another desired number. Press the E button.
 • All Displays: Assign screen positions to All displays. Then, you don't need to set up video wall for individual displays.
 • Current Displays: Only Assign screen position for this first display.
 ―Screen Position can be set up with a maximum of 15x15 split screens (225 devices). If connected using DP Loopout mode, the maximum number of devices changes 
to 100.
 ―The Screen Position option is only enabled when Video Wall is set to On .
 ―To use the function, make sure Horizontal x Vertical is configured.
Format
Select how to display images on the videowall display.
 • Full: Display images in full screen with no margin.
 • Natural: Display images in the original aspect ratio without enlarging or reducing the size.
 ―The Format option is only enabled when Video Wall is set to On .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network Status
HOME  → Network Status → ENTER E
Network Status
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Check the current network and Internet connection.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Mode
HOME  → Picture Mode → ENTER E
Picture Mode
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select a picture mode (Picture Mode) suitable for the environment where the product will be used.
 • Shops & Malls
Suitable for shopping malls.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Offices & SchoolsSuitable for offices and schools.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Terminals & StationsSuitable for bus terminals and train stations.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Video WallSuitable for environments where videowall display are used.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • CalibrationIn this mode, the brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity settings customized using the colour calibration programme 
Advanced Colour Management are applied.
 -To apply the Calibration mode properly, make sure you configure the picture quality settings, such as brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity, using the colour calibration programme Advanced Colour Management.
 -For more information on the Advanced Colour Management programme, contact the dealer you purchased the product from.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  On/Off Timer
HOME  → On/Off Timer → ENTER E
On/Off Timer
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model. ―You must set the clock before you can use On/Off Timer.
On Timer
Set On Timer so that your product turns on automatically at a time and on a day of your choosing.
The power is turned on with the specified volume or input source.On Timer: Set the on timer by making a selection from one of the seven options. Ensure you set the current time first.(On Timer 1 ~ On Timer 7)
 • Setup: Select Off, Once , Everyday , Mon~Fri, Mon~Sat, Sat~Sun or Manual.  
If you select Manual, you can choose the days you want On Timer to turn on your product.
 -The check mark indicates days you’ve selected.
 • Time: Set the hour and minute. Use the number buttons or the up and down arrow keys to enter numbers. Use the left 
and right arrow buttons to change entry fields.
 • Volume: Set the desired volume level. Use the left and right arrow buttons to change the volume level.
 • Source : Select the input source of your choice.
 • Contents (when the Source  is set to Internal/USB): From the USB device or internal memory device, select a folder 
containing content you want to play when the product turns on. Content can include music, photo or video files.
 ―This function is available only when a USB device is connected.
 ―If there is no music file on the USB device or you don’t select a folder containing a music file, the Timer function does not 
operate correctly.
 ―If there is only one photo file in the USB, the Slide Show will not play.
 ―If a folder name is too long, the folder cannot be selected.
 ―Each USB you use is assigned its own folder. When using more than one of the same type of USB, make sure the folders 
assigned to each USB have different names.
 ―We recommend that you use a USB memory stick and a multi card reader when using On Timer.
 ―The On Timer function may not work with USB devices with a built-in battery, MP3 players, or PMPs made by some 
manufacturers because the product can take too long to recognize these devices.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Off Timer
Set the off timer (Off Timer) by making a selection from one of the seven options. (Off Timer 1 ~ Off Timer 7)
 • Setup: Select Off, Once , Everyday , Mon~Fri, Mon~Sat, Sat~Sun or Manual.  
If you select Manual, you can choose the days you want Off Timer to turn off your product.
 -The check mark indicates days you’ve selected.
 • Time: Set the hour and minute. Use the number buttons or the up and down arrow keys to enter numbers. Use the left 
and right arrow buttons to change entry fields.
Holiday Management
Timer will be disabled during a period specified as a holiday.
 • Add Holiday: Specify the period you want to add as a holiday.
Select the start and end dates of the holiday you want to add using the u/d buttons, and click the Save  button.
The period will be added to the list of holidays.
 - Start: Set the start date of the holiday.
 - End: Set the end date of the holiday.
 ―Delete: Delete selected items from the list of holidays.
 ―Edit: Select a holiday item and then change the date.
 • Set Applied Timer: Set the On Timer and Off Timer to not activate on public holidays.
 -Press E to select the On Timer and Off Timer settings you do not want to activate.
 -The selected On Timer and Off Timer will not activate.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Ticker
HOME  → Ticker → ENTER E
Ticker
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Input text while a video or image is displayed and display the text on the screen.
 • Off / On
 • Message: Enter a message to display on the screen.
 • Time: Set the Start Time and End Time to display a Message.
 • Font options: Specify the text font and colour for the message.
 • Position: Select an orientation to display a Message.
 • Scroll: Specify the scroll Direction and Speed for the message.
 • Preview : Preview configured caption settings.
More settings
HOME  → More settings → ENTER E
More settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.The picture settings menu appears.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  URL Launcher
HOME  → URL Launcher → ENTER E
URL Launcher12:00
Play various contents sych as scheduled 
channels, templates or files.Change URL
pm
January 1 2014
Clone Product
Picture ModeID SettingsOn/Off TimerVideo WallTickerNetwork StatusMore settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.For details on how to use the URL Launcher feature, contact the dealer the product was purchased from.
 ―To use the URL Launcher feature, set Play via to URL Launcher in System .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Adjustment
Configure the Picture settings (Backlight, Colour Tone, etc.).
The layout of the Picture menu options may vary depending on the product.
Picture Mode
MENU m → Picture → Picture Mode → ENTER E
· 
· · 
· 
· · Picture
Picture Mode
Backlight
ContrastBrightnessSharpnessColourTint (G/R)Terminals & Stations
100
70456550
G50
 R50
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select a picture mode (Picture Mode) suitable for the environment where the product will be used.
 • Shops & Malls
Suitable for shopping malls.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Offices & SchoolsSuitable for offices and schools.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Terminals & StationsSuitable for bus terminals and train stations.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Video WallSuitable for environments where videowall display are used.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • CalibrationIn this mode, the brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity settings customized using the colour calibration programme 
Advanced Colour Management are applied.
 -To apply the Calibration mode properly, make sure you configure the picture quality settings, such as brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity, using the colour calibration programme Advanced Colour Management.
 -For more information on the Advanced Colour Management programme, contact the dealer you purchased the product from.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Backlight / Contrast / Brightness / 
Sharpness / Colour / Tint (G/R)
MENU m → Picture → ENTER E
· 
· · 
· 
· · Picture
Picture Mode
Backlight
ContrastBrightnessSharpnessColourTint (G/R)Terminals & Stations
100
70456550
G50
 R50
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Your product has several options for adjusting picture quality. 
Picture Mode Picture Mode settings Adjustable options
Shops & Malls, Offices & Schools,  
Terminals & Stations, Video WallVideos/Images Backlight / Contrast / Brightness / Sharpness / 
Colour / Tint (G/R)
Text Backlight / Contrast / Brightness / Sharpness
Calibration Backlight
 ―When you make changes to Backlight, Contrast, Brightness, Sharpness, Colour or Tint (G/R), the OSD will be adjusted 
accordingly.
 ―You can adjust and store settings for each external device you have connected to an input on the product.
 ―Lowering picture brightness reduces power consumption.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Colour Temperature
MENU m → Picture → Colour Temperature → ENTER E
Picture
Colour Temperature 10000K
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjust the colour temperature (Red / Green / Blue). (Range: 2800K–16000K)
 ―If Colour Tone is set to Off, Colour Temperature is disabled.
 ―If Picture Mode is set to Calibration, Colour Temperature is disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  White Balance
MENU m → Picture → White Balance → ENTER E
Picture
White Balance
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.2 Point
Adjust the colour temperature for a more natural picture.
 • R-Offset / G-Offset / B-Offset: Adjust each colour’s (red, green, blue) darkness.
 • R-Gain / G-Gain / B-Gain: Adjust each colour’s (red, green, blue) brightness.
 • Reset: Suitable for environments where videowall display are used.
10 Point
Controls the white balance in 10 point interval by adjusting the red, green, and blue brightness.
 • Off / On
Level : Select interval to adjust.
Red: Adjust the red level.
Green: Adjust the green level.Blue: Adjust the blue level.Reset: Suitable for environments where videowall display are used.
 ―Some external devices may not support this function.
 ―Enabled when Picture Mode is set to Offices & Schools (Videos/Images).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Gamma
MENU m → Picture → Gamma → ENTER E
Picture
Gamma 0
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjust the primary colour intensity.
 ―If Picture Mode is set to Calibration, Gamma is disabled.
Calibrated value
MENU m → Picture → Calibrated value → ENTER E
Picture
Calibrated value
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select whether to apply the brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity settings customized using the colour calibration 
programme Advanced Colour Management to the Information and Advertisement modes.
 • Don't apply / Apply
 ―For more information on the Advanced Colour Management programme, contact the dealer you purchased the product 
from.
 ―If Picture Mode is set to Calibration, Calibrated value is disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Advanced Settings
MENU m → Picture → Advanced Settings → ENTER E
Advanced Settings
Dynamic Contrast
Black ToneFlesh ToneRGB Only ModeColour SpaceMotion LightingMedium
Darker
0
Off
Native
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Picture Mode Picture Mode settings Adjustable options
Shops & Malls, Offices & Schools,  
Video WallVideos/Images Dynamic Contrast / Black Tone / Flesh Tone /  
RGB Only Mode / Colour Space
Text Dynamic Contrast / Black Tone
Terminals & Stations Videos/Images Dynamic Contrast / Black Tone / Flesh Tone /  RGB Only Mode / Colour Space / Motion Lighting
Text Dynamic Contrast / Black Tone
 ―If Picture Mode is set to Calibration, Advanced Settings is disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Advanced Settings
Dynamic Contrast
Black ToneFlesh ToneRGB Only ModeColour SpaceMotion LightingMedium
Darker
0
Off
Native
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Dynamic Contrast
Adjust the screen contrast.
 • Off / Low  / Medium / High
Black Tone
Select the black level to adjust the screen depth.
 • Off / Dark / Darker / Darkest
Flesh Tone
Emphasize pink Flesh Tone.
RGB Only Mode
Displays the Red, Green and Blue colour for making fine adjustments to the hue and saturation.
 • Off / Red / Green / Blue
Colour Space
Adjusts the range and variety of colours (the colour space) available to create images.
 • Auto  / Native / Custom
 ―To adjust Colour, Red, Green, Blue and Reset, set Colour Space to Custom.
Motion Lighting
Reduces power consumption by reducing screen brightness when the picture on the screen is in motion.
 • Off / OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Options
MENU m → Picture → Picture Options → ENTER E
Picture Options
Colour Tone
Digital Clean ViewMPEG Noise FilterHDMI Black LevelFilm Mode
Dynamic BacklightOffOffOff
Normal
OffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Picture Mode Picture Mode settings Adjustable options
Shops & Malls, Offices & Schools,  
Terminals & Stations, Video WallVideos/Images Colour Tone / Digital Clean View / MPEG 
Noise Filter / HDMI Black Level / Film Mode / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / HDMI Black Level / Dynamic Backlight
Calibration HDMI Black Level / Dynamic BacklightDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Options
Colour Tone
Digital Clean ViewMPEG Noise FilterHDMI Black LevelFilm Mode
Dynamic BacklightOffOffOff
Normal
OffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Colour Tone
If the input source is PC, DVI  or HDMI1, HDMI2 (PC connection), DisplayPort.
 • Off / Cool / Standard / Warm
If the input source is AV , Component or HDMI1, HDMI2.
 • Off / Cool / Standard / Warm1 / Warm2
 ―If Picture Mode is set to Calibration, Colour Tone is disabled.
 ―Settings can be adjusted and stored for each external device connected to an input on the product.
Digital Clean View
If the broadcast signal received by your product is weak, you can activate the Digital Clean View feature to reduce any static 
and ghosting that may appear on the screen.
 • Off / Low  / Medium / High / Auto
 ―Received signal intensity is the strongest when the bar is green.
 ―When the signal is weak, try all the options until the the product displays the best picture.
MPEG Noise Filter
Reduces MPEG noise to provide improved picture quality.
 • Off / Low  / Medium / High / AutoDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Options
Colour Tone
Digital Clean ViewMPEG Noise FilterHDMI Black LevelFilm Mode
Dynamic BacklightOffOffOff
Normal
OffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.HDMI Black Level
Selects the black level on the screen to adjust the screen depth.
 • Low  / Normal
 ―Available only in DisplayPort, HDMI1, HDMI2 and DVI  mode (AV Timing : 480p, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p).
Film Mode
This mode is suitable to view movies.
Sets the product to automatically sense and process film signals from all sources and adjust the picture for optimum quality.
 • Off / Auto1 / Auto2
 ―Available in AV , Component (480i / 1080i).
Dynamic Backlight
Automatically adjust the backlight to provide the best possible screen contrast under the current conditions.
 • Off / On
 ―The Dynamic Backlight is not available when the input source is set to PC, AV  or Component while Video Wall is On .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Size
MENU m → Picture → Picture Size → ENTER E
· Picture Size
Picture Size 16:9
Position
Resolution Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.choose size and aspect ratio picture displayed on screen.
Picture Size
 ―Different screen adjustment options are displayed depending on the current input source.
 • 16:9: Sets the picture to 16:9 wide mode.
 • Zoom1: Use for moderate magnification. Cuts off the top and sides.
 • Zoom2: Use for a stronger magnification.
 • Smart View 1: Reduces the 16:9 picture by 50%.
 ―Smart View 1 is enabled only in HDMI1, HDMI2 mode.
 • Smart View 2: Reduces the 16:9 picture by 25%.
 ―Smart View 2 is enabled only in HDMI1, HDMI2 mode.
 • Wide Fit: Enlarges the aspect ratio of the picture to fit the entire screen.
 • 4:3: Sets the picture to basic (4:3) mode.
 ―Do not set your product to 4:3 format for a long time.
The borders displayed on the left and right, or top and bottom of the screen may cause image retention (screen burn) 
which is not covered by the warranty.
 • Screen Fit : Displays the full image without any cut-off when HDMI1 , HDMI2  (720p / 1080i / 1080p) or Component  (1080i 
/ 1080p) signals are inputted.
 • Custom: Changes the resolution to suit the user's preferences.
 • Original ratio: If the input source is PC, DVI , HDMI1, HDMI2 (PC connection), DisplayPort, the video will display in the 
original aspect ratio.
 ―Available ports may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Position
· Picture Size
Picture Size Custom
Position
Resolution Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjusts the picture position. Position  is only available if Picture Size  is set to Zoom1 , Zoom2 , Wide Fit , Screen Fit  or Custom .
 ―To use the Position function after selecting Zoom1, Zoom2, Wide Fit, Screen Fit or Custom, follow these steps.
1 Press the d button to select Position. Press the E  button.
2 Press the u or d button to move the picture up or down.
3 Press the E button.
Zoom/Position
· Picture Size
Picture Size Custom
Zoom/Position
Resolution Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjusts the picture zoom and position. This option is available when the input source is set to HDMI1, HDMI2 (1080i/1080p) or 
Component (1080i/1080p). Picture Size must be set to Custom for the option to be available.
1 Press the d button to select Zoom/Position. Press the E button.
2 Select the Zoom or Position. Press the E button.
3 Press the u/d/l/r button to move the picture.
4 Press the E button.
 ―If you want to reset the picture to its original position, select Reset in the Zoom/Position screen.  
The picture will be set to its default position.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Resolution
If the picture is not normal even when the resolution of the graphics card is one of the following, you can optimize the picture 
quality by selecting the same resolution for the product as the PC using this menu.
Available resolutions: Off / 1024x768 / 1280x768 / 1360x768 / 1366x768Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Auto Adjustment
MENU m → Picture → Auto Adjustment → ENTER E
Picture
Auto Adjustment
 -Available in PC mode only.
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjust frequency values/positions and fine tune the settings automatically.
PC Screen Adjustment
MENU m → Picture → PC Screen Adjustment → ENTER E
Picture
PC Screen Adjustment
 -Available in PC mode only.
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model. • Coarse / Fine
Removes or reduces picture noise.
If the noise is not removed by Fine-tuning alone, use the Coarse function to adjust the frequency as best as possible 
(Coarse) and Fine-tune again. After the noise has been reduced, re-adjust the picture so that it is aligned with the centre of screen.
 • Position
To adjust the PC’s screen position if it is not centreed or does not fit the product screen.
Press the ▲ or ▼ button to adjust the Vertical Position. Press the ◄ or ► button to adjust the Horizontal Position.
 • Image Reset
Resets the image to the default settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Off
MENU m → Picture → Picture Off → ENTER E
Picture
Picture Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Selecting Picture Off switches off the screen. The volume is not disabled.
To switch the screen on, press any button other than the volume button.
Reset Picture
MENU m → Picture → Reset Picture → ENTER E
Picture
Reset Picture
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Resets your current picture mode to its default settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  OnScreen Display
PIP
MENUm → OnScreen Display → PIP → ENTERE
OnScreen Display
PIP
RotationScreen ProtectionMessage DisplayMenu TransparencyMenu LanguageReset OnScreen DisplayMedium
English
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 -For PIP sound, refer to the Sound Select instructions.
 -If you turn the product off while watching in the PIP mode, PIP mode will remain after power 
Off/On.
 -You may notice that the picture in the PIP screen becomes slightly unnatural when you use the main screen to view a game or karaoke.PIP Settings
The picture from the external video source will be in the main screen and the picture from the product will be in the PIP sub-
picture screen.
Main picture Sub picture
PC AV / Component
AV / Component PC / DisplayPort / HDMI1, HDMI2 / DVI
HDMI1, HDMI2 / DVI  / SBB AV / Component
MagicInfo PC / AV  / Component / DisplayPort / HDMI1, HDMI2 / DVIDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  PIP
PIP
SourceSizePositionSound SelectOff
PC
ÕÃ
Main
OK
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model. • PIP (Off / On ): Activate or deactivate the PIP function.
 • Source : You can select a source of the sub picture.
 • Size ( , , , , , , ): Select a size for the subpicture.
 • Position ( , , , , ): Select a position for the sub-picture.
 ―In double ( , , , ) mode, you cannot select Position.
 • Sound Select (Main / Sub): You can choose to listen to the sound from the Main picture or the Sub picture.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Rotation
MENUm → OnScreen Display → Rotation → ENTERE
Rotation
Rotate menu
Rotate ContentAspect RatioLandscapeLandscape
Full Screen
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Rotate menu
Configure the menu screen.
 • Landscape: Display the menu in landscape mode (default).
 • Portrait: Display the menu in portrait mode on the right side of the product screen.
 ―Available only PC, DVI , HDMI1, HDMI2, MagicInfo, DisplayPort mode.
Rotate Content
Rotate the product screen orientation.
 • Landscape: Display the screen in landscape mode (default).
 • Portrait: Display the screen in portrait mode.
 ―Available only PC, DVI , HDMI1, HDMI2 (when a PC is connected), DisplayPort mode.
Aspect Ratio
Set the rotated screen to be either full screen or original.
 • Full Screen: Display the rotated screen in full screen.
 • Original: Display the rotated screen in the original aspect ratio.
 ―Available only when Rotate Content is set to Portrait.
 ―Available only PC, DVI , HDMI1, HDMI2 (when a PC is connected), DisplayPort mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Protection
MENUm → OnScreen Display → Screen Protection → ENTERE
Screen Protection
Auto Protection Time
Screen Burn ProtectionOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Auto Protection Time
If the screen displays a still image for a certain period of time you define, the product activates the screen saver to prevent the 
formation of burnt in ghost images on the screen.
 • Off / 2 hours / 4 hours / 8 hours / 10 hours
Screen Burn Protection
To reduce the possibility of screen burn, this unit is equipped with Screen Burn Protection screen burn prevention 
technology.
Screen Burn Protection moves the picture slightly on the screen. The Screen Burn Protection Time setting allows you to programme the time between movements of the picture in minutes.
Pixel Shift
Minimize image retention by finely moving pixels horizontally or vertically.
 • Pixel Shift (Off / On )
 ―Horizontal, Vertical and Time are enabled only when Pixel Shift is set to On .
 • Horizontal: Sets how many pixels the screen moves horizontally.
 • Vertical: Sets how many pixels the screen moves vertically.
 • Time: Set the time interval for performing the horizontal or vertical movement, respectively.
Available Pixel Shift Settings and Optimum Settings.
Available Settings Optimum Settings
Horizontal (pixels) 0 ~ 4 4
Vertical (pixels) 0 ~ 4 4
Time (minute) 1 min ~ 4 min 4 min
 ―The Pixel Shift value may differ depending on the product size (inches) and mode.
 ―Displaying a still image or a 4:3 output for an extended period of time may cause image retention. This is not a defect in the 
product.
 ―If Picture Size is set to Screen Fit, Pixel Shift is disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Burn Protection
Pixel Shift
TimerImmediate displaySide GreyOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Timer
You can set the timer for Screen Burn Protection.
The Screen Burn Protection feature stops automatically after a specified period of time.
Timer
OffRepeat: Display the image retention-preventive pattern set in Mode at specified time intervals(Period).Interval : Display the image retention-preventive pattern set in Mode for a specified period of time (from Start Time to End 
Time).
 ―Mode, Period, Time, Start Time and End Time are enabled only when Timer is set to Repeat or Interval .
 • Mode: Select a screen protective pattern to display.
 - Pixel: Pixels on the screen alternate black continuously.
 - Rolling bar: A vertical bar moves left to right.
 - Fading screen: The entire screen becomes brighter, then darker.
 ―The Rolling bar and Fading screen patterns appear only once regardless of the specified repeat period or time.
 • Period: Specify the time interval to activate the Screen Burn Protection function.
 ―The option is enabled when Repeat is selected for Timer.
 • Time: Specify the duration to keep the Screen Burn Protection function on.
 ―Enabled when Timer is set to Repeat and Mode is set to Pixel. 
 • Start Time: Set the start time to activate the screen protection function.
 ―The option is enabled when Interval  is selected for Timer.
 • End Time: Set the end time to deactivate the screen protection function.
 ―The option is enabled when Interval  is selected for Timer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Burn Protection
Pixel Shift
TimerImmediate displaySide GreyOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Immediate display
Select the screen saver you want to display immediately.
 • Off / Pixel / Rolling bar / Fading screen
Side Grey
When the screen is set to 4:3 aspect ratio, adjust the brightness of white margins on sides to protect the screen.
 • Off / Light / Dark
Message Display
MENUm → OnScreen Display → Message Display → ENTERE
Message Display
Source InfoNo Signal MessageMDC MessageOnOnOn
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Source Info
Select whether to display the source OSD when the input source changes.
 • Off / On
No Signal Message
Select whether to display the no-signal OSD when no signal is detected.
 • Off / On
MDC Message
Select whether to display the MDC OSD when the product is controlled by the MDC.
 • Off / OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Menu Transparency
MENU m → OnScreen Display → Menu Transparency → ENTER E
OnScreen Display
Menu Transparency Medium
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjust transparency of menu box.
 • High / Medium / Low
Menu Language
MENU m → OnScreen Display → Menu Language → ENTER E
OnScreen Display
Menu Language English
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Set the menu language.
 ―A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display. It will not be applied to other functions 
on your PC.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reset OnScreen Display
MENU m → OnScreen Display → Reset OnScreen Display → ENTER E
OnScreen Display
Reset OnScreen Display
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.This option returns the current settings under OnScreen Display to the default factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Sound Adjustment
Configure the sound ( Sound ) settings for the product.
Sound Mode
MENU m → Sound → Sound Mode → ENTER E
Sound
Sound Mode
Sound EffectHDMI SoundSound on Video CallSpeaker SettingsAuto VolumeReset SoundStandard
AV(HDMI)
Current Source
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.You can select a sound mode to suit your personal preferences.
 • Standard: Selects the normal sound mode.
 • Music: Emphasizes music over voices.
 • Movie: Provides the best sound for movies.
 • Clear Voice: Emphasizes voices over other sounds.
 • Amplify: Increase the intensity of high-frequency sound to allow a better listening experience for the hearing impaired.
 ―If Speaker Settings is set to External, Sound Mode is disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Sound Effect
MENUm → Sound → Sound Effect → ENTERE
Sound Effect
Virtual Surround
Dialog ClarityEqualiserOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Configure your preferred sound effect for output sound.
 ―If Speaker Settings is set to External, Sound Effect is disabled.
 ―Available only when Sound Mode is set to Standard.
Virtual Surround
This function provides a virtual 5.1 channel surround sound experience through a pair of speakers using HRTF(Head Related 
Transfer Function) technology.
 • Off / On
Dialog Clarity
This function allows you to increase the intensity of a voice over background music or sound effects so that dialog can be heard more clearly.
 • Off / On
Equaliser
Use Equaliser to customize sound setting for each speaker.
 • Balance L/R: Adjusts the balance between the right and left speaker.
 • 100Hz / 300Hz / 1kHz / 3kHz / 10kHz (Bandwidth Adjustment): Adjusts the level of specific bandwidth frequencies.
 • Reset: Resets the equalizer to its default settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  HDMI Sound
MENU m → Sound → HDMI Sound → ENTER E
Sound
HDMI Sound AV(HDMI)
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select whether to hear from AV(HDMI) or PC(DVI).
 • AV(HDMI) / PC(DVI)
Sound on Video Call
MENU m → Sound → Sound on Video Call → ENTER E
Sound
Sound on Video Call Current Source
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select sound output to listen to during a video call.
 • Current Source / Video CallDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Speaker Settings
MENU m → Sound → Speaker Settings → ENTER E
Sound
Speaker Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.TV Sound Output
 • External / Receiver
 ―If there is no video signal, both the products speakers and the external speakers will be mute.
Auto Volume
MENU m → Sound → Auto Volume → ENTER E
Sound
Auto Volume Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.The volume can vary depending on the channel.
Automatically equalize the volume level when switching to another channel.
 • Off / Normal / Night
Normal equalizes the volume level on each channel, so that when you change channels, the volume level is the same.Night equalizes and decrease the volume level on each channel, so each channel is quieter. Night is useful at night, when you 
may want to keep the volume low.
 ―To use the volume control of a connected source device, set Auto Volume to Off. A change to the volume control of the 
connected source device may not be applied if Auto Volume is set to Normal or Night.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reset Sound
MENU m → Sound → Reset Sound → ENTER E
Sound
Reset Sound
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.The displayed image may differ depending on the model. Reset all sound settings to the factory defaults. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network
Network Status
MENUm → Network → Network Status → ENTERE
You can check the current network and Internet status.
Network Status
Your wireless network and Internet connection are setup and ready to use.
You are connected to the Internet. If you have any problems using online services, please 
contact your Internet service provider.
Close Retry IP Settings Disconnect
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Network Settings
MENUm → Network → Network Settings → ENTERE
Configure network settings to use various smart hub features such as Internet search, content sharing 
through a home network and feature updates.
Network Settings
Select your network type.
Network Type Wireless
Wireless network
Refresh WPS(PBC)You can connect your 
Device to the internet. Please select which wireless network to use.
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
Network Type
 • Wireless / WiredDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network Settings (Wired)
Connecting to a Wired Network
There are three ways to attach your product to your LAN using cable.
 • You can attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product 
to an external modem using a LAN cable.
See the diagram below.
RJ45
The Modem Port on the Wall External Modem
(ADSL / VDSL)
Modem Cable LAN CableLAN
 • You can attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product 
to an IP Sharer which is connected to an external modem. Use LAN cable for the connection. See the diagram below.
The Modem Port on the WallExternal Modem
(ADSL / VDSL)IP Sharer
(having DHCP server)LAN
Modem Cable LAN Cable LAN CableRJ45 • Depending on how your network is configured, you may be able to attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product directly to a network wall outlet using a LAN cable. 
See the diagram below. Note that the wall outlet is attached to a modem or router elsewhere in 
your house.
The LAN Port on the WallLAN
LAN CableRJ45
If you have a Dynamic Network, you should use an ADSL modem or router that supports the Dynamic 
Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP). Modems and routers that support DHCP automatically provide the IP address, subnet mask, gateway, and DNS values your product needs to access the Internet so you do not have to enter them manually. Most home networks are Dynamic Networks.
Some networks require a Static IP address. If your network requires a Static IP address, you must enter 
the IP address, subnet mask, gateway, and DNS values manually on your product Cable Setup Screen when you set up the network connection. To get the IP address, subnet mask, gateway, and DNS values, contact your Internet Service Provider (ISP).
If you have a Windows computer, you can also get these values through your computer.
 ―You can use ADSL modems that support DHCP if your network requires a Static IP address.
 ―ADSL modems that support DHCP also let you use Static IP addresses.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Set the network connection to use Internet services such as perform software upgrades.
Automatic Network Settings (Wired)
Connect to the network using a LAN cable.
Make sure a LAN cable is connected first.
How to set up automatically
1 Set Network Type to Wired from the Network Settings page.
2 Press the Connect button to start Network Settings.
 -The Connect button is only enabled when the LAN cable is properly connected.
3 The network test screen appears and verifies the network connection.
When the connection has been verified, the “Wired network and Internet connection 
completed.” message appears.
 ―If the connection process fails, check the LAN port connection.
 ―If the automatic process cannot find the network connection values or if you want to set the 
connection manually, go to the next section, network setup.
Manual Network Settings (Wired)
Offices may use static IP addresses.
If this is the case, ask the network administrator for the IP address, subnet mask, gateway and DNS server 
address. Enter these values manually.Getting the Network Connection Values
To view the Network connection values on most Windows computers, follow these steps.
1 Right click the Network icon on the bottom right of the screen.
2 In the pop-up menu that appears, click Status.
3 On the dialog that appears, click the Support tab.
4 On the Support Tab, click the Details button. The Network connection values are displayed.
How to set up manually
1 Set Network Type to Wired from the Network Settings page.
2 Press the Connect button to start Network Settings.
 -The Connect button is only enabled when the LAN cable is properly connected.
3 The network test screen appears and the verification process starts. Press Stop . The verification 
process stops.
4 Select IP Settings on network connection screen. The IP Settings screen appears.
5 Select the field at the top, press E , and then set IP Settings to Enter manually. Repeat the entry 
process for each field in the IP Address.
 ―Setting IP Settings to Enter manually automatically changes DNS Setting to Enter manually.
6 When done, select OK at the bottom of the page, and then press E . The network test screen 
appears and the verification process starts. 
7 When the connection has been verified, the “Wired network and Internet connection 
completed.” message appears.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network Setting (Wireless)
Connecting to a Wireless Network
This product does not support wireless networking. To use wireless networks, purchase a Samsung 
wireless LAN adapter (WIS10ABGN, WIS12ABGNX). Connect the adapter to the product. Use the wireless Internet router to connect to the Internet.
The LAN Port on the WallWireless IP sharer
(router having DHCP server)
LAN Cable
Product Panel
Samsung Wireles LAN Adapter
Samsung’s Wireless LAN adapter is sold separately and is offered by selected retailers, Ecommerce sites, and Samsungparts.com. Samsung’s Wireless LAN adapter supports the IEEE 802.11a/b/g and n communication protocols. Samsung recommends using IEEE 802.11n. When you play video over a network connection, the video may not play smoothly.
 ―You must use the “Samsung Wireless LAN adapter” (WIS10ABGN, WIS12ABGNX) to use a wireless 
network. The Samsung Wireless LAN Adapter and the USB extension Cable are sold separately and are offered by select retailers, Ecommerce sites, and Samsungparts.com.
 ―Select a channel for the wireless IP sharer that is not currently being used. If the channel set for the 
wireless IP sharer is currently being used by another device nearby, this will result in interference and communication failure.
 ―Your product supports only the following wireless network security protocols. If you select the Pure 
High-throughput (Greenfield) 802.11n mode and the Encryption type is set to WEP , TKIP or TKIP AES (WPS2Mixed) on your AP or wireless router, Samsung products will not support a connection in compliance with new Wi-Fi certification specifications.
 ―If your wireless router supports WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup), you can connect to the network via PBC 
(Push Button Configuration) or PIN (Personal Identification Number). WPS will automatically configure the SSID and WPA key in either mode. ―If your router, modem, or device is not certified, it may not connect to the product via the “Samsung 
Wireless LAN adapter” .
 ―Ensure the product is turned on before you connect the “Samsung Wireless LAN adapter” .
 ―Connection Methods: You can setup the wireless network connection in three ways.
Auto Setup (Using the Auto Network Search function), Manual Setup, WPS(PBC)
 ―The product may not recognize the “Samsung Wireless LAN adapter” if you connect it to the product 
with a USB hub or USB extension cable other than the cable supplied with the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Automatic Network Setup (Wireless)
Most wireless networks have an optional security system that requires devices that access the network 
to transmit an encrypted security code called an Access or Connection Information. The Connection 
Information is based on a Pass Phrase, typically a word or a series of letters and numbers of a specified length you were asked to enter when you set up security for your wireless network. If you use this method of setting up the network connection, and have a Connection Information for your wireless network, you will have to enter the Pass Phrase during the the automatic or manual setup process.
How to set up automatically
1 Set Network Type to Wireless from the Network Settings page.
2 The Network function searches for available wireless networks. When done, it displays a list of the 
available networks.
3 In the list of networks, press the ▲ or ▼ button to select a network, and then press the E  button 
twice.
 ―If the desired wireless router does not appear, select Refresh to search again.
 ―If the router cannot be found after retrying, select the Stop  button.
The Add Network button appears.
Select Add Network to add a wireless router to connect to.
4 If the Enter password. screen appears, go to step 5. If you select a wireless router that does not 
have security, go to step 7.
5 If the router has security, enter the Enter password. (Security key or PIN).6 When done, use the right arrow button to move the cursor to Done, and then press E. The network connection screen appears and the verification process starts.
 ―A connection with the router is established, but the Internet cannot be accessed.
7 When the connection has been verified, the “Your wireless network and Internet connection are setup and ready to use.” message appears.
Manual Network Setup (Wireless)
Offices may use static IP addresses.
If this is the case, ask the network administrator for the IP address, subnet mask, gateway and DNS server 
address. Enter these values manually.
Getting the Network Connection Values
To view the Network connection values on most Windows computers, follow these steps.
1 Right click the Network icon on the bottom right of the screen.
2 In the pop-up menu that appears, click Status.
3 On the dialog that appears, click the Support tab.
4 On the Support Tab, click the Details button. The Network connection values are displayed.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  How to set up manually
1 Set Network Type to Wireless from the Network Settings page.
2 The Network function searches for available wireless networks. When done, it displays a list of the 
available networks.
3 In the list of networks, press the u or d  button to select a network, and then press the E button 
twice.
 ―If the desired wireless router does not appear, select Refresh to search again.
 ―If the router cannot be found after retrying, select the Stop  button.
The Add Network button appears.
Select Add Network to add a wireless router to connect to.
4 If the Enter password. screen appears, go to step 5. If you select a wireless router that does not 
have security, go to step 7.
5 If the router has security, enter the Enter password. (Security key or PIN).
6 When done, use the right arrow button to move the cursor to Done, and then press E. The network connection screen appears and the verification process starts.
7 Select Stop  while network connections are being attempted. This will stop the connection.
8 Select IP Settings on network connection screen. The IP Settings screen appears.
9 Select the field at the top, press E , and then set IP Settings to Enter manually. Repeat the entry 
process for each field in the IP Address.
 ―Setting IP Settings to Enter manually automatically changes DNS Setting to Enter manually.10 When done, select OK at the bottom of the page, and then press E . The network test screen 
appears and the verification process starts. 
11 When the connection has been verified, the “Your wireless network and Internet connection are setup and ready to use.” message appears.
WPS(PBC)
How to set up using WPS(PBC)
If your router has a WPS(PBC) button, follow these steps.
1 Set Network Type to Wireless from the Network Settings page.
2 Select WPS(PBC), press E , and then press E  again.
3 Press the WPS(PBC) button on your router within 2 minutes. Your product automatically acquires all the network setting values it needs and connects to your network.
4 The network connection screen appears, and network setup is done.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  To use this function, your mobile device 
should be supported by the Wi-Fi Direct.Wi-Fi Direct
MENUm → Network → Wi-Fi Direct → ENTERE
Set to connect the product to wireless mobile devices. Using this function, you can connect wireless mobile devices with your product directly without a router.
To connect your mobile device with your product using Wi-Fi Direct, follow these steps:
1 Go to Wi-Fi Direct screen. The product starts to search devices.
2 Turn on the Wi-Fi Direct function on your device. Select the desired Wi-Fi device.
 • PBC (Push Button Configuration): Press the WPS(PBC) button on your Wi-Fi device within 2 minutes. Your product automatically acquires all the network setting 
values it needs and connects to your network.
 • PIN: Input the displayed PIN on your device.
 ―If you want to disconnect the device, select the connected Wi-Fi device, and then select Disconnected.
Multimedia Device Settings
MENUm → Network → Multimedia Device Settings → ENTERE
Allow other devices such as smart phones and tablets on your network, to share content with your product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Server Network Settings
MENUm → Network → Server Network Settings → ENTERE
Connect to server
To run Player connect to a network.
 • If the SSL option is enabled, the server is configured to use https and data transfer is encrypted.
 ―Enter the server IP address and port number. Use 7001 as the port number. (If unable to connect to 
the server using port number 7001, check with your server administrator to find the correct port 
number and then change the port number.)
MagicInfo Mode
Select the appropriate MagicInfo Mode depending on the environment where you are using the product.
 • MagicInfoServer Access
Select a method to connect the server network.
 • Allow / Deny
FTP Mode
Specify the FTP operating mode.
 • Active  / Passive
Device Name
MENUm → Network → Device Name → ENTERE
Select or enter a device name.This name can be shown on network remote controls over the network.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  System
Setup
MENU m → System → Setup → ENTER E
System
Setup
TimeAuto Source SwitchingPower ControlEco SolutionTemperature ControlDevice Manager77
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Initial settings (System)
After powering on the product for the first time, configure basic settings such as the language, channel and time.  
Press the  button.
 ―Enter your 4 digit PIN number. The default PIN number is “0-0-0-0". 
If you want to change the PIN number, use the Change PIN function.
1 Selecting a language 
Press the u or d button, and then press the E button. Specify the OSD menu language.
2 Rotate menuConfigure the menu page orientation.
 - Landscape / Portrait
3 Network SettingsSet up your network connection. Press the E button to start. If you do not know your network set up information or 
want to set to it later, select Skip . You can set up the network connection later using the Network menu.
4 Clock SetSet the current date and time, and then select Next .
5 Play viaSelect the appropriate player mode depending on the environment where you are using the product.
 ―The Play via setting step only appears when connected to the network.
6 Setup CompleteCongratulations! Setup is complete and you're ready to get started.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Time
MENU m → System → Time → ENTER E
Time
Clock Set
DSTSleep TimerPower On DelayOffOff
0 sec
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.You can configure Clock Set or Sleep Timer. You can also set the product to automatically turn on or off at a specified time 
using the Timer function.
 ―Press the INFO button if you want to view the current time.
Clock Set
Select Clock Set. Select Date  or Time, and then press E.
Use the number buttons to enter numbers or press the up and down arrow buttons. Use the left and right arrow buttons to move from one entry field to the next. Press E  when done.
 ―You can set the Date  and Time directly by pressing the number buttons on the remote control.
DST
Switches the DST (Daylight Saving Time) function on or off.
Off / On
 • Start Date: Set the start date of Daylight Saving Time.
 • End Date: Set the end date of Daylight Saving Time.
 • Time Offset: Select the correct time offset your timezone.
Sleep Timer
Automatically shuts off the product after a preset period of time.(Off / 30 min / 60 min / 90 min / 120 min / 150 min / 180 min)
 ―Use the up and down arrows to select a period of time, and then press E. To cancel Sleep Timer, select Off.
Power On Delay
When connecting multiple products, adjust the power-on time for each product to prevent power overload (within the range 
0–50 seconds).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Turning on the display with Auto Source Switching On , and the previous video source selection is not active, the display will 
automatically search the different video input sources for active video.
Auto Source Switching
When the Auto Source Switching is On , the display video source will automatically be searched for active video.
The Primary Source selection will be activated, if the current video source is not recognized.
Secondary Source selection will become active, if no primary video source is available.If both the primary and secondary input sources are not recognized, the display will perform two searches for an active source, 
each search checking the primary and then secondary source. If both searches fail, the display will return to the first video source and display a message indicating that there is no signal.
When the Primary Source selection is set to All , the display will search all the video source inputs twice in sequence looking 
for an active video source, returning back to the first video source in the sequence if no video is found.
Primary Source Recovery
Select whether to restore the selected primary input source when a primary input source is connected.
 ―The Primary Source Recovery function is disabled if Primary Source is set to All .
Primary Source
Specify Primary Source for the automatic input source.
Secondary Source
Specify Secondary Source for the automatic input source.Auto Source Switching
MENU m → System → Auto Source Switching → ENTER E
끄기Auto Source Switching
Auto Source Switching
Primary Source RecoveryPrimary SourceSecondary SourceOffOff
All
HDMI
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power Control
MENU m → System → Power Control → ENTER E
Power Control
Auto Power On
PC module powerMax. Power SavingStandby ControlPower Button
Network StandbyOff
On
Auto
Power on only
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Auto Power On
This feature automatically turns on the product as soon as it is plugged in. Pressing the power button is not needed.
 • Off / On
PC module power
The PC module can be turned on/off separately from the LFD.
Synced power-on
To turn on the PC module without turning on the LFD, select Off.
 • Off / On
Synced power-off
To turn off the LFD without turning off the PC module, select Off.
 • Off / On
Max. Power Saving
Turns off the product to reduce power consumption after the PC has been left idle for a specified period of time.
 • Off / On
 ―Available only PC, DVI , HDMI1, HDMI2, DisplayPort mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Standby Control
You can set the screen standby mode to be applied when an input signal is received.
 • Auto
Power-saving mode will activate if no input signals are detected even though a source device is connected to the display.
The message No Signal will appear if no source device is connected.
 • Off
The message No Signal will appear if no input signals are detected.
 ―The Standby Control option is only enabled when Source  is set to PC, DVI , HDMI1, HDMI2 or DisplayPort.
 ―If No Signal is displayed although a source device is connected, check the cable connection.
 ―If No Signal Message is set to Off,the No Signal message does not appear.
If this is the case, set No Signal Message to On .
 • OnPower-saving mode will activate if no input signals are detected.
Power Button
The power button can be set to either turn on the power or turn on/off the power.
 • Power on only: Set the power button to turn on the power.
 • Power on and off: Set the power button to turn on/off the power.
Network Standby
This feature keeps the network power on when the product turns off.
 • Off / OnPower Control
Auto Power On
PC module powerMax. Power SavingStandby ControlPower Button
Network StandbyOff
On
Auto
Power on only
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Eco Solution
MENU m → System → Eco Solution → ENTER E
Eco Solution
Energy Saving
Eco SensorScreen Lamp ScheduleNo Signal Power Off
Auto Power OffOffOffOffOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Energy Saving
Reduce the power consumption by adjusting the screen brightness.
 • Off / Low  / Medium / High
Eco Sensor
To enhance your power savings, the picture settings will automatically adapt to the light in the room.
 • Off / On
 ―Adjusting the High setting under Picture while Eco Sensor is on will disable the Off.
Min. Backlight
When Eco Sensor is On , you can manually adjust the minimum screen brightness. Min. Backlight is the darkest backlight 
mode. Make sure the Min. Backlight setting is lower than the Backlight setting.
 ―If Eco Sensor is On , the display brightness may change (become slightly darker or brighter) depending on the surrounding 
light intensity. 
Screen Lamp Schedule
Adjust the panel brightness. A value closer to 100 makes the panel brighter.
 • Off / OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Eco Solution
Energy Saving
Eco SensorScreen Lamp ScheduleNo Signal Power Off
Auto Power OffOffOffOffOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.No Signal Power Off
Save power by turning the device off when no signal is received from any source.
 • Off / 15 min / 30 min / 60 min
 ―Disabled when an attached PC is in power saving mode.
 ―The product will automatically power off at a specified time. The time can be changed as required.
Auto Power Off
The product will automatically turn off if you don’t press a button on the remote or touch a button on product front panel 
within select hours to prevent overheating.
 • Off / 4 hours / 6 hours / 8 hours
This function detects the internal temperature of the product. You can specify the temperature range that is acceptable.
The default temperature is set to 77 C.
The recommended operating temperature for this product is 75 to 80 C (based on an ambient temperature of 40 C).
 ―The screen will become darker if the current temperature exceeds the specified temperature limit. If the temperature 
continues to rise, the product will power off to prevent overheating.Temperature Control
MENU m → System → Temperature Control → ENTER E
System
Temperature Control 77
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Device Manager
MENU m → System → Device Manager → ENTER E
Device Manager
Keyboard Settings
Mouse SettingsPointer Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Configure options for external input devices connected to the product.
Keyboard Settings
Connecting a keyboard to the product displays the Keyboard Settings menu.
Select Keyboard
Select a keyboard you want to use from the available connected keyboards.
 ―It is possible to use only one connected keyboard.
Keyboard Options
 ―Depending on the country.
Keyboard Language
Specify the keyboard input language.
Keyboard type
Specify the keyboard type.
Switch Input Language
Configure the key combination used to change the input language.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Mouse Settings
Connecting a mouse to the product displays the Mouse Settings menu.
Select Mouse
Configure mouse connection settings or options for connected mouse devices.
 ―Among connected mouse devices, only one mouse can be used.
Mouse Options
 ―Depending on the country.
Primary Button
Select a button on the mouse that will perform basic functions (click and enter).
 • Left (default) / Right
Pointer Speed
Set the mouse pointer speed.
 • Slow / Standard / FastDevice Manager
Keyboard Settings
Mouse SettingsPointer Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Device Manager
Keyboard Settings
Mouse SettingsPointer Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Pointer Settings
Specify the pointer size, speed and shape.
Pointer Size
Specify the pointer size.
 • Small / Medium / Large / Extra Large
Pointer Speed
Specify the pointer speed. A higher speed increases the pointer sensitivity.
 • Slow / Standard / Fast
Pointer Shape
Specify the pointer shape.
 • Image 1 ~ Image 10Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Play via
MENU m → System → Play via → ENTER E
System
Play via MagicInfo
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select the appropriate Play via mode depending on the environment where you are using the product.
The home screen may be different depending on the setting.
 • MagicInfo / URL Launcher
Change PIN
MENU m → System → Change PIN → ENTER E
System
Change PIN
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.The Change PIN screen will appear.Choose any 4 digits for your PIN and enter it in Enter New PIN. Reenter the same 4 digits in Confirm New PIN.When the Confirm screen disappears, press the Close button. The product has memorised your new PIN.
 ―Default password: 0 - 0 - 0 - 0Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  General
MENUm → System  → General → ENTERE
General
Security
BD WiseAnynet+ (HDMI-CEC)HDMI Hot PlugDivX® Video On DemandGame ModeOnOnOn
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Security
Safety Lock
It sets safe lock function.
 • Off / On
All the menus and buttons of the product and remote control, except for the LOCK button on the remote control, will be 
locked by the Safety Lock function.
To unlock the menus and buttons, press the LOCK button and then enter the password (default password: 0 - 0 - 0 - 0).
Button Lock
This menu can be used to lock the buttons on the product.Only the remote control can control the product if Button Lock is set to On .
 • Off / On
USB Auto Play Lock
Lock USB memory devices to prevent them from being auto detected.
 • Off / On
BD Wise
Provides the optimal picture quality for Samsung DVD, Blu-ray and Home Theatre products which support BD Wise. When BD 
Wise is turned On , the picture mode is automatically changed to the optimal resolution.
 • Off / On
 ―Available when you connect Samsung products that support BD Wise through an HDMI cable to the product.
 ―The BD Wise function is enabled only when a source device with the BD Wise function is connected.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)
Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)
Anynet+ is a function that enables you to control all connected Samsung devices that support Anynet+ with your Samsung 
product remote.  The Anynet+ system can be used only with Samsung devices that have the Anynet+ feature. To be sure your Samsung device has this feature, check if there is an Anynet+ logo on it.
 ―You can only control Anynet+ devices using the product remote control, not the buttons on the product.
 ―The product remote control may not work under certain conditions. If this occurs, reselect the Anynet+ device.
 ―Anynet+ works when the AV device supporting Anynet+ is in the standby or on status.
 ―While in PIP mode, Anynet+ functions only when an AV device is connected as the primary display. It does not work if the 
AV device is connected as a secondary display.
 ―Anynet+ supports up to 12 AV devices in total. Note that you can connect up to 3 devices of the same type.
Anynet+ Menu
The Anynet+ menu changes depending on the type and status of the Anynet+ devices connected to the product.
Anynet+ Menu Description
View PC Changes Anynet+ mode to PC mode.
Device List Shows the Anynet+ device list.
(device_name) Menu Shows the menu of the connected device menus. E.g. if a DVD player is connected, the disc menu of the DVD player will appear.
(device_name) Tools Shows the tools menu of the connected device. E.g. if a DVD player is connected, the tools menu of the DVD player will appear.
 ―Depending on the device, this menu may not be available.
(device_name) Title Menu Shows the title menu of the disc in the connected device. E.g. If a DVD player is connected, the title menu of the movie in the DVD player will appear.
 ―Depending on the device, this menu may not be available.General
Security
BD WiseAnynet+ (HDMI-CEC)HDMI Hot PlugDivX® Video On Demand
Game ModeOnOnOn
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Auto Turn Off
Setting an Anynet+ Device to turn Off automatically when the product is turned off.
 • No / Yes
 ―If Auto Turn Off is set to Yes , running external devices will turn off at the same time as the product powers off.
 ―May not be enabled depending on the device.
Search for Devices
Switching between Anynet+ Devices
1 Press the TOOLS button, select Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC), and then press E .
2 Select Device List, and then press the E button.
If you cannot find a device you want, select Refresh to refresh the list.
3 Select a device, and then press the E  button. You can switch to the selected device.
 ―The Device List menu appears only when you set Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) to On  in the System  menu.
 ―Switching to the selected device may take up to 2 minutes. You cannot cancel the switching operation while switching is in 
progress.
 ―If you have selected an Anynet+ device by pressing the SOURCE button and then selecting its input source, you cannot use 
the Anynet+ function.
 ―Make sure to switch to an Anynet+ device by using the Device List.Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)
Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)
Auto Turn OffSearch for DevicesOff
No
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting for Anynet+
Problem Possible Solution
Anynet+ does not work.  • Check if the device is an Anynet+ device. The Anynet+ system supports Anynet+ devices only.
 • Check if the Anynet+ device power cord is properly connected.
 • Check the Anynet+ device’s Video/Audio/HDMI cable connections.
 • Check whether Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) is set to On  in the System  menu.
 • Check whether the remote control is Anynet+ compatible.
 • Anynet+ doesn’t work in certain situations. (initial setup)
 • If you have removed and then reconnected the HDMI cable, please make sure to search devices again or turn your product 
off and on again.
 • Check if the Anynet+ function of the Anynet device is set on.
I want to start Anynet+.  • Check if the Anynet+ device is properly connected to the product and check if the Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)  is set to On in the 
System  menu.
 • Press the TOOLS button to display the Anynet+ menu and select a menu you want.
I want to exit Anynet+.  • Select View PC in the Anynet+ menu.
 • Press the SOURCE button on the product remote control and select a non- Anynet+ device.
The message “Disconnecting Anynet+ device ...” appears on the screen.  • You cannot use the remote control when you are configuring Anynet+ or switching to a view mode.
 • Use the remote control after the product has completed Anynet+ configuration or has finished switching to Anynet+.
The Anynet+ device does not play.  • You cannot use the play function when initial setup is in progress.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Problem Possible Solution
The connected device is not 
displayed. • Check whether or not the device supports Anynet+ functions.
 • Check whether or not the HDMI cable is properly connected.
 • Check whether Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) is set to On  in the System  menu.
 • Search Anynet+ devices again.
 • Anynet+ requires an HDMI connection. Make sure the device is connected to your product with an HDMI cable.
 • Some HDMI cables may not support Anynet+ functions.
 • If the connection is terminated because there has been a power failure or the HDMI cable has been disconnected, please repeat the device scan.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  HDMI Hot Plug
This feature is used to activate the time delay to turn on a DVI/HDMI source device.
 • Off / On
DivX® Video On Demand
Shows the registration code authorized for the product. 
If you connect to the DivXⓇ web site and register using that code, you can download the VOD registration file.For more information about DivXⓇ VOD, visit “http://vod.divx.com” .
Game Mode
When connecting to a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™, you can enjoy a more realistic gaming experience by 
selecting game mode.
 • Off / On
 ―Precautions and limitations for Game Mode
To disconnect the game console and connect another external device, set Game Mode to Off in the setup menu.
 ―Game Mode is not available when the input source is set to DVI  or DisplayPort.General
Security
BD WiseAnynet+ (HDMI-CEC)HDMI Hot PlugDivX® Video On Demand
Game ModeOnOnOn
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reset System
MENU m → System  → Reset System → ENTER E
System
Reset System
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.This option returns the current settings under system to the default factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Support
Software Update
MENU m → Support → Software Update → ENTER E
The Software Update menu lets you upgrade your product software to the latest version.
 ―Be careful not to turn off the power until the upgrade is complete. The product will turn off and on automatically after completing the software upgrade.
 ―When you upgrade software, all video and audio settings you have made will return to their default settings. We advise you to write down your settings so that you can 
easily reset them after the upgrade.
Update now
Update the software to the latest version.
Auto update
This feature automatically updates the product when not in use. 
 • Off / On
Contact Samsung
MENU m → Support → Contact Samsung → ENTER EView this information when your product does not work properly or when you want to upgrade the software.You can find information regarding our call centres and how to download products and software.
 ―Contact Samsung and find the product Model Code and Software Version. -Current Version: This is the software 
version already installed in the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Go to Home to play a variety of content from a memory device or a connected network.
Player
Search or play channels or content saved on devices.
Schedule
Create content schedules in local channels or edit saved channels.
Template
To create content, select a template.
Clone Product
Export the product settings to a USB device or load the settings via a USB device.
This option is useful when assigning the same settings to several products.
ID Settings
Assign an ID to a set.Press u/d to select a number, and press E .Go to Home
Accessible using the HOME  button on the remote control.
MENU m → Support → Go to Home → ENTER E
Player
Play various contents sych as scheduled 
channels, templates or files.
Clone Product
Picture ModeID SettingsOn/Off TimerVideo WallTickerNetwork StatusMore settingsSchedule Template
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 -Refer to the "Home feature" chapter for details on sub-menu items.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Wall
Customize the layout of multiple displays that are connected to form a video wall.
In addition, display part of a whole picture or repeat the same picture on each of the connected multiple displays.To display multiple images, refer to MDC Help or the MagicInfo user guide. Some models may not support the MagicInfo function.
Network Status
Check the current network and Internet connection.
Picture Mode
Select a picture mode (Picture Mode) suitable for the environment where the product will be used.
On/Off Timer
 ―You must set the clock before you can use On/Off Timer.
Set On Timer so that your product turns on automatically at a time and on a day of your choosing.The power is turned on with the specified volume or input source.
Ticker
Input text while a video or image is displayed and display the text on the screen.
More settings
The picture settings menu appears.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reset All
MENU m → Support → Reset All → ENTER E
Support
Reset All
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.This option returns all the current settings for a display to the default factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Playing photos, videos and music (Media Play)
Play photos, videos or music saved on a storage device.
Play a variety of content using the following methods.
 • Using a USB device: Play media content such as videos, photos and music from a USB device.
 • Connecting a storage device: Play media content saved on a storage device such as a smartphone, camera, PC or cloud service.
Read the following before using media play with a USB device
Caution
 • Before connecting a USB device to the product, back up files to ensure your data is not damaged or lost.
Samsung Electronics is not liable for any damage or loss of data.
 • Do not remove a USB device while it is loading.
 • If a USB device is connected using a USB extension cable, the USB device may not be recognized or files saved on the device may not be able to be read.
 • If the product does not recognize a connected USB device, the files on the USB device may be corrupted or may not be able to be played.If this occurs, connect the USB device to the PC to format the device, then make sure the device is connected properly.
 • USB HDD greater than 2TB is not supported.Enjoy videos, photos, music files saved on a USB Mass Storage Class (MSC) device.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Compatible devices with media play
 • Some USB digital cameras, smartphones and audio devices may not be compatible with the product.
 • Media play is only compatible with USB MSC devices.
 • MSC device refers to a Mass Storage Class Bulk-Only Transport device. 
Examples of MSC devices include Thumb drives, Flash card readers and USB HDDs. (USB hubs are not supported.) 
These MSC devices must be connected directly to a USB port on the product.
 • If more than one Picture Transfer Protocol (PTP) device is connected, only one will work at a time.
 • If multiple MSC devices are connected, some devices may not be recognized. USB devices that require high power (higher than 500mA or 5V) may not be supported.
 • If an overheating warning message appears when a USB device is connected or used, the USB device may not be recognized or function properly.
 • The screensaver activates if the product is left idle for a period of time specified in Auto Protection Time.
 • Power-saving mode on some external hard disk drives may automatically deactivate after connecting to the product.
File system and formats
 • Media play may not function properly with unlicenced multimedia files.
 • Media Transfer Protocol (MTP) is not supported.
 • Supported file systems include FAT16, FAT32 and NTFS (read only).
 • Media play supports the sequential JPEG format.
It does not support the progressive JPEG format.
 • Images with a higher resolution take longer to be displayed on the screen.
 • The maximum JPEG resolution supported is 15360x8640 pixels.
 • If a file is incompatible or corrupted, a message Not Supported File Format. appears.
 • When sorting files in folder view mode, a maximum of 1000 files can be displayed in each folder.
 • If a USB device contains 8000 files and folders or more, some files and folders may not open.
 • DRM MP3 files downloaded from websites that charge a fee cannot be played. Digital Rights Management (DRM) refers to a system for protecting the copyrights of data circulated via the Internet or other digital media by enabling secure 
distribution and/or disabling illegal distribution of the data.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using a USB device
Connecting a USB device
1 Turn on your product.
2 Connect a USB device containing photo, music and/or movie files to the USB port on the back or side panel of the product.
3 The Player page automatically appears as soon as a USB device connects to the product.
 ―If only one USB device is connected, files saved on the USB device are displayed automatically.
 ―To view content saved on a USB device, connect the USB device to a USB port on the product.
Removing a USB device
Removing a USB device from Source
1 Press SOURCE on the remote control. Alternatively, go to Source  using the OSD menu.
SOURCE  → Source
2 Select USB from Source , and then press the TOOLS button on the remote control. The Options menu is displayed.
3 Select Disconnect USB Device and wait until the USB device is disconnected. The USB device is disconnected.It is recommended to use a USB HDD that 
has a power adapter.
It is recommended to remove a USB device using the Disconnect USB Device function.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Playing media content from a PC/mobile device
Approving a PC/mobile device connection
Play photos, videos or music saved on a PC or mobile device.
To play media content from a PC or mobile device on the product, the connection with the PC or mobile device must be approved.
 ―The media playback feature is available on any devices that support DLNA DMC. The DLNA DMC feature allows you to search media content and control content 
playback from a product after connecting a PC or mobile device to the product.
1 Press SOURCE on the remote control. Alternatively, go to Source  using the OSD menu.
SOURCE  → Source
2 Select Network from Source . The Network Device menu appears.
3 Select Options from the screen, and then select Multimedia Device Settings. A list of devices connected to the product will appear.
4 Select a device and approve the device connection. Playback is only available on devices that are permitted to connect.
 ―Sending a media content playback request from a PC or mobile device displays a prompt asking if connection with the product is permitted. Conveniently connect 
the devices using the prompt.
 ―For details on how to configure a network, refer to the section Network Settings.
 ―Ensure the product and PC are connected to the same network subnet. 
All IP addresses are made up of four parts separated by dots.
(E.g. IP address 111.222.333.444) The product should have the same IP address as the PC, except for the fourth part of the address, if they are connected to the same 
subnet. (E.g. 111.222.333.***)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  When connected to a home network (DLNA)
Play content saved on a device connected to a home network.
 ―Playing media content using a non-Samsung DLNA server may result in a compatibility issue. 
 ―Playback of some media content shared with a PC or mobile device may not be possible depending on the content encoding type or the content file format. Some 
functions may not be available.
 ―Media content may not play properly if there is network congestion. If this is the case, use a USB device.
1 Press SOURCE on the remote control. Alternatively, go to Source  using the OSD menu.
SOURCE  → Source
2 Select Network from Source . The Network Device menu appears.
3 Select a device connected via the home network (DLNA). A list of files and folders shared with the selected device will appear.
4 Select media content to play from the list. Play the selected media content.
Features provided in the media content list page
SOURCE → Source  → USB
The media content list page on a storage device provides the following features.
 • Sort by
Rearrange the media content list under the selected file format in a desired view mode.
 -This menu item is not available if Filter is set to All .
 • FilterAmong Photos, Videos and Music content saved on a storage device, view content files under a desired file format only.
 • Options
 -This menu item is not available if Filter is set to All .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Menu items in the media content list page
Option Name Operations Photos Videos Music
Slide Show Start a slideshow.
 ―This menu item is not available if Sort by is set to Folder.c
Encoding Select an encoding language if the title of media content appears corrupted. c
Rename Playlist Rename a playlist. c
Delete Playlist Delete a playlist. c
Add to Playlist Add files to a playlist or create a new playlist. c
Play Selected Select and play desired content from the media content list. c c c
Send Send media content to another storage device. This is similar to the "copy" feature 
on PCs.c c c
Index Select an index to conveniently locate media content if a storage device contains a lot of media content.
 ―Provided indices include dates and alphanumeric characters.
 ―This menu item is not available if Sort by is set to Folder.c c cDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Available buttons and features during photo playback
Pressing the E or TOOLS button displays the following buttons. The RETURN button makes the buttons disappear.
 • Pause / Play
Start or stop a slideshow. Using a slideshow, it is possible to play all photos in a folder.
 • Previous / NextView the previous or next photo.
 • Settings
Option Name Operations
Slideshow Settings Speed: Change the slideshow speed.
Effects: Apply transition effects between photos.
Rotate Rotate photos.
Zoom Zoom in on photos up to 4x.
Picture Mode Change the Picture Mode.
Background Music Play background music while viewing photos.
 ―Make sure a music file is saved on the same device.
 ―The mini player is displayed while background music (Background Music) is playing. Using the mini player, pause the music currently 
playing or change to another music.
Sound Mode Change the Sound Mode.
 ―This menu item is only available when background music (Background Music) is playing.
Select Speakers Select a speaker that will output the background music ( Background Music).
 ―This menu item is only available when background music (Background Music) is playing.
Send Send open photos to another storage device. This is similar to the "copy" feature on PCs.
Information View information about a file. -Pressing the INFO button while a 
device name is selected will display information about the selected device.
 -Pressing the INFO button while a file is selected will display information about the selected file.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Available buttons and features 
during video playback
Pressing the E or TOOLS button displays the following buttons. The RETURN 
button makes the buttons disappear.
 • Pause / Play
Pause or play a video.
The following features are available in pause mode. Note that sound cannot 
be heard in pause mode.
 • Rewind / Fast Forward
Rewind or fast forward a video. Speed up playback up to 3x, if required. To 
change the playback speed to the original speed, select ∂.
 • Previous / Next
To play the previous video, select  twice. Selecting  once will play the 
current video from the beginning.
To play the next video, select ‚.
 • SettingsOption Name Operations
Select Scene Thumbnails: Select a scene and play the video from the scene.
 ―Thumbnails is not available if 1) the thumbnail of the video is not extracted yet, 2) the video 
contains audio only or 3) the video play time is shorter than 60 seconds.
Chapter Titles: Select and play another video in the same folder.
Time Bar: You can use the l and r buttons to scan through the file in 10-second intervals or 
enter a specific time value to jump to that point in the video.
Repeat Configure Repeat.
Repeat One: Play the current video repeatedly.Repeat All: Play all videos in a folder repeatedly.
Rotate Rotate an image.
Picture Size Change the screen size (Picture Size). Supported screen sizes vary depending on the image.
Picture Mode Change the Picture Mode.
Sound Mode Change the Sound Mode.
Select Speakers Select a speaker that will output sound from the product.
Audio Language Play a video using a desired language. This feature only activates when a streaming file that 
supports multiple audio formats is playing.
Information View information about a file.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Available buttons and features during music playback
Pressing the E or TOOLS button displays the following buttons. The RETURN button makes the buttons disappear.
 • Pause / Play
Pause or play music.
 • Rewind / Fast ForwardRewind or fast forward music. Speed up playback up to 3x, if required. To play the previous music file, select ∂ twice.
 • Previous / NextTo play the previous music file, select  twice. Selecting  once will play the current music from the beginning.
To play the next music file, select ‚.
 • RepeatConfigure Repeat mode. Repeat One plays the current music file repeatedly. Repeat All plays all files in a folder repeatedly.
 • ShuffleEnable or disable shuffle playback mode.
 • Select SpeakersSelect a speaker that will output sound from the product.
 • Sound ModeChange the Sound Mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Supported Subtitle and Media play file formats
Subtitle
External Internal
 • MPEG-4 timed text (.ttxt)
 • SAMI (.smi)
 • SubRip (.srt)
 • SubViewer (.sub)
 • Micro DVD (.sub or .txt)
 • SubStation Alpha (.ssa)
 • Advanced SubStation Alpha (.ass)
 • Powerdivx (.psb) • Xsub
Container: AVI
 • SubStation AlphaContainer: MKV
 • Advanced SubStation AlphaContainer: MKV
 • SubRipContainer: MKV
 • MPEG-4 timed textContainer: MP4
Supported image resolutions
File Extension Type Resolution
*.jpg, *.jpeg JPEG 15360 x 8640
*.png PNG 1920 x 1080
*.bmp BMP 1920 x 1080
*.mpo MPO 15360 x 8640Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Supported music file formats
File Extension Type Codec Comments
*.mp3 MPEG MPEG1 Audio Layer 3
*.m4a, *.mpa, *.aac, *.3ga MPEG4 AAC
*.flac FLAC FLAC The Seek (jump) function is not supported.
Supports up to 2 channel
Supported Video Formats
 • Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if there is an error in the content or the container.
 • Sound or video may not work if the contents have a standard bitrate/frame rate above the compatible Frame/sec listed in the table above.
 • If the Index Table is in error, the Seek (Jump) function is not supported.
 • You may experience file stuttering while playing a video through a network connection.
 • The menu may take longer to appear if the video’s bit rate exceeds 10Mbps.
 • Some USB/digital camera devices may not be compatible with the player.
Video Decoder Audio Decoder
Supports up to H.264, Level 4.1H.264 FMO / ASO / RS, VC1 SP / MP / AP L4 and AVCHD are not supported.For all Video codecs except MVC, VP8, VP6:
 • Below 1280 x 720: 60 frame max
 • Above 1280 x 720: 30 frame max
GMC 2 over is not supported.Supports only BD MVC Spec.Supports up to WMA 10 Pro 5.1 channel. WMA lossless audio is not supported.QCELP , AMR NB/WB are not supported.If Vorbis is only in Webm container, supports up to 2 channel.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  File 
ExtensionContainer Video Codec Resolution Frame rate
(fps)Bit rate(Mbps)Audio Codec
*.avi
*.mkv*.asf*.wmv*.mp4*.mov*.3gp*.vro*.mpg*.mpeg*.ts*.tp*.trp*.mov*.flv*.vob*.svi*.m2ts*.mts*.divxAVI
MKVASFMP43GPVROVOBPSTSDivX 3.11 / 4.x / 5.x / 6.x 1920 x 1080 6~30 30
AC3
LPCMADMPCM(IMA, MS)AACHE-AACWMADD+MPEG(MP3)DTS CoreG.711(ALaw,μ-Law)
MPEG4 SP / ASP
H.264 BP / MP / HPMotion JPEGWindow Media Video v9
MPEG2
MPEG1
VP6 640 x 480 4
MVC 1920 x 1080 24 / 25 / 30 40
*.webm WebMVP8 6 ~ 30 8VorbisDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting Guide
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung Customer Service Centre
Before calling Samsung Customer Service 
Centre, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, contact Samsung Customer Service Centre. Testing the Product
Check if your product is operating normally by using the product test function.
If the screen remains blank while the power LED blinks even when the product is correctly connected to a PC, perform product testing.
1 Power off both the PC and product.
2 Disconnect all the cables from the product.
3 Power on the product.
4 If No Signal is displayed, the product is operating normally.
Checking the Resolution and Frequency
Not Optimum Mode will briefly be displayed if a mode that exceeds a supported resolution is selected(refer to Supported Resolutions).If the screen remains blank, check the PC 
system, video controller and cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Check the followings.
Installation issue (PC mode)
The screen keeps switching on and off. Check the cable connection between the product and PC, and ensure the connection is secure.
Blank spaces are found on all four sides of the screen when 
an HDMI or HDMI-DVI cable is connected to the product and PC.The blank spaces found on the screen have nothing to do with the product.
Blank spaces on the screen are caused by the PC or graphics card. To resolve the problem, adjust the 
screen size in the HDMI or DVI settings for the graphics card.
If the graphics card settings menu does not have an option to adjust the screen size, update the 
graphics card driver to the latest version.
(Please contact the graphics card or computer manufacturer for further details about how to adjust 
the screen settings.)
PC is shown in Source  when a PC is not connected. PC is always shown in Source  irrespective of whether or not a PC is connected.
Screen issue
The power LED is off. The screen will not switch on. Make sure that the power cord is connected.
No Signal  is displayed on the screen. Check that the product is connected correctly with a cable.
Check that the device connected to the product is powered on.
Not Optimum Mode  is displayed. This message is displayed when a signal from the graphics card exceeds the product's maximum 
resolution and frequency.
Refer to the Standard Signal Mode Table and set the maximum resolution and frequency according to 
the product specifications.
The images on the screen look distorted. Check the cable connection to the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen issue
The screen is not clear. The screen is blurry. Adjust Coarse and Fine.
Remove any accessories (video extension cable, etc) and try again.Set the resolution and frequency to the recommended level.
The screen appears unstable and shaky. Check that the resolution and frequency of the PC and graphics card are set within a range compatible 
with the product. Then, change the screen settings if required by referring to the Additional Information on the product menu and the Standard Signal Mode Table.
There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too dark. Adjust Brightness and Contrast.
Screen colour is inconsistent. Go to Picture and adjust the Colour Space settings.
White does not really look white. Go to Picture and adjust the White Balance settings.
There is no image on the screen and the power LED blinks 
every 0.5 to 1 second.The product is in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to return to the previous screen.
The product will turn off automatically. Go to System  and make sure Sleep Timer is set to Off.
If a PC is connected to the product, check the power status of the PC.Make sure the power cable is connected properly to the product and power outlet.If the signal from a connected device is not detected, the product automatically turns off after 10 to 15 
minutes.
Picture quality of the product is different from the dealer 
shop where it was purchased.Use an HDMI cable to obtain high-definition (HD) picture quality.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen issue
The screen display does not look normal. Encoded video content may cause the display to appear corrupted in scenes featuring fast moving 
objects such as in a sports event or action video.
Low signal level or low picture quality may cause the display to appear corrupted. This does not mean 
the product is defective.
A cell phone within a distance of one-meter radius may cause static on analogue and digital products.
The brightness and colour do not look normal. Go to Picture and adjust the screen settings such as Picture Mode, Colour, Brightness and 
Sharpness.
Go to System  and adjust the Energy Saving settings.
Reset the screen settings to the default settings.
Broken lines are displayed on the edges of the screen. If Picture Size is set to Screen Fit, change the setting to 16:9.
Lines (red, green or blue) are displayed on the screen. These lines are displayed when there is a defect in DATA SOURCE DRIVER IC on the monitor. Contact a 
Samsung Service Centre to resolve the issue.
The display looks unstable and then freezes. The screen may freeze when a resolution other than the recommended resolution is used or if the signal is not stable. To resolve the issue, change the PC resolution to the recommended resolution.
The screen cannot be displayed in full screen. A scaled SD (4:3) content file can cause black bars on both sides of an HD channel screen.
A video with an aspect ratio different from the product can cause black bars at the top and bottom of 
the screen.
Change the screen size setting to full screen on the product or source device.
Sound issue
There is no sound. This product does not have Internal speakers.Connect External speakers to the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Remote control issue
The remote control does not work. Make sure that the batteries are correctly in place (+/-).
Check if the batteries are flat.Check for power failure.Make sure that the power cord is connected.Check for any special lighting or neon signs switched on in the vicinity.
Source device issue
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is booting. If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is booting, have your PC serviced.
Other issue
The product smells like plastic. The plastic smell is normal and disappears over time.
The monitor appears tilted. Remove and then attach the stand again to the product.
Audio or video cuts out intermittently. Check the cable connection and connect it again if required.Using a very hard or thick cable may corrupt audio and video files.
Make sure cables are flexible enough to ensure durability. When mounting the product onto a wall, it 
is recommended to use right-angle cables.
Small particles are found on the edges of the product. The particles are part of the product design. The product is not defective.
The PIP menu is not available. The menu is enabled or disabled depending on the Source  mode.
When I try to change the PC resolution, a message " The 
defined resolution is not supported. " appears.The message "The defined resolution is not supported." appears if the input source resolution exceeds the maximum resolution of the display.
To resolve the issue, change the PC resolution to a resolution supported on the display.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Other issue
There is no sound from the speakers in HDMI mode when a 
DVI-HDMI cable is connected.DVI cables do not transmit sound data.
Make sure to connect the audio cable to the correct input jack to enable audio.
HDMI Black Level is not functioning properly on an HDMI 
device with YCbCr output.This function is available only when a source device, such as a DVD player and STB, is connected to the 
product via an HDMI (RGB signal) cable.
There is no sound in HDMI mode. Displayed picture colours may not look normal. Video or sound may not be available. This can occur if a source device that only supports an older version of the HDMI standard is connected to the product.
If these issues occur, connect an audio cable along with the HDMI cable.
Some PC graphics cards may not automatically recognize HDMI signals that do not include sound. In 
this case, manually select a sound input.
Sound input Screen mode
PC Auto PC settings
DVI PC Audio In(Stereo ports ) PC settingsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Other issue
The IR sensor is not functioning. Make sure the sensor light turns on when a button is pressed on the remote control.
 • If the sensor light does not turn on, turn the power switch off and then on again on the back of 
the product.
(The power LED lights up red when the screen is switched off.)
If the sensor light still does not turn on after the power switch is turned off and then on again, an 
internal jack may be disconnected.
Contact your nearest service centre to have the product serviced.
 • If the sensor light that is on does not flash red when a button is pressed on the remote control, 
the IR sensor may be defective.
Contact your nearest service centre to have the product serviced.
 • This function is available only when a source device, such as a DVD player and STB, is connected 
to the product via an HDMI (RGB signal) cable.
In power-saving mode, when the input source is DisplayPort , 
PC display settings cannot be saved. • Go to System  → General and set Max. Power Saving to Off. Alternatively, configure the PC 
display output settings again. Ensure the set is turned on.
When booting the PC with the input source set to 
DisplayPort , the BIOS and booting screens do not appear. • Boot the PC when the set is turned on or when the input source is not DisplayPort.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Q & A
Question Answer
How can I change the frequency? Set the frequency on your graphics card.
 • Windows XP: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Themes → Display → Settings → 
Advanced → Monitor and adjust the frequency in Monitor Settings.
 • Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel → Display → Settings → Advanced → Monitor and 
adjust the frequency in Monitor Settings.
 • Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Personalize → Display Settings → Advanced Settings → Monitor and adjust the frequency in Monitor Settings.
 • Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Display → Adjust resolution → Advanced Settings → Monitor and adjust the frequency in Monitor Settings.
 • Windows 8: Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Display 
→ Adjust resolution → Advanced Settings → Monitor and adjust the frequency in Monitor 
Settings.
How can I change the resolution?  • Windows XP: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Themes → Display → Settings and 
adjust the resolution.
 • Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel → Display → Settings and adjust the resolution.
 • Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Personalize → 
Display Settings and adjust the resolution.
 • Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Display → Adjust Resolution and adjust the resolution.
 • Windows 8: Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Display 
→ Adjust Resolution and adjust the resolution. -Refer to the user manual for your PC or 
graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Question Answer
How do I set powersaving mode?  • Windows XP: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Themes → Display 
→ Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 • Windows ME/2000: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Display → Screen Saver 
Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 • Windows Vista: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization 
→ Personalize → Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 • Windows 7: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → 
Personalize → Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 • Windows 8: Set power-saving mode in Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Personalize → Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Specifications
 -Size
 -Display area
H
V
 -Dimensions (W x H x D)
WD
HGeneral
Model Name UD46D-P
Panel Size 46 CLASS (46.0 inches / 116 cm)
Display area 1018.08 mm (H) x 572.67 mm (V) 
40.1 inches (H) x 22.5 inches (V)
Dimensions (W x H x D) 1022.1 x 576.7 x 97.0 mm40.2 x 22.7 x 3.8 inches
Weight 18.0 kg / 39.7 Ibs
Power Supply AC 100 to 240 VAC (+/- 10%), 60 / 50Hz ± 3Hz 
Refer to the label at the back of the product as the standard voltage can vary in different countries.
Environmental 
considerationsOperating Temperature : 32 F ~ 104 F (0 C ~ 40 C) 
Humidity : 10 % ~ 80 %, non-condensing
Storage Temperature : -4 F ~ 113 F (-20 C ~ 45 C) 
Humidity : 5 % ~ 95 %, non-condensingDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   ―Plug-and-Play
This monitor can be installed and used with any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. Two-way data exchange between the monitor and PC system optimizes the monitor 
settings.
Monitor installation takes place automatically. However, you can customize the installation settings if desired.
 ―Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) may appear brighter or darker on the panel. This does not affect 
product performance.
 ―This device is a Class A digital apparatus.
[Recommendation] - EU Only
 • Hereby, Samsung Electronics, declares that this Monitor is in compliance with the essential requirements and other 
relevant provisions of Directive 1999/5/EC.
 • The official Declaration of Conformity may be found at http://www.samsung.com/displaysolutions, go to Support > Search Product Support and enter the model name.
 • This equipment may be operated in all EU countries.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  PowerSaver
The power-saving function of this product reduces power consumption by switching off the screen and changing the colour of the power LED if the product is not used 
for a specified period of time. The power is not turned off in power-saving mode. To switch the screen back on, press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse. Power-savign mode only functions when the product is connected to a PC with a power-saving function.
PowerSaver Normal Operation Power saving mode
(SOG Signal : Not Support the 
DPM Mode)Power off Power off
(Power Switch)Rating Typical Max
Power Indicator Off Blinking On Off
Power Consumption 160 W 125 W 176 W 0.5 W 0.5 W 0 W
 ―The displayed power consumption level can vary in different operating conditions or when settings are changed.
 ―SOG(Sync On Green) is not supported.
 ―To reduce the power consumption to 0, turn off the switch at the back or disconnect the power cord. Disconnect the power cable if you will not be using the product 
for an extended period of time (during vacation, etc.).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Preset Timing Modes
 ―This product can be set to only one resolution for each screen size to obtain the optimum picture quality due to the nature of the panel. Using a resolution other than 
the specified resolution may degrade the picture quality. To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum resolution specified for your product.
 ―Check the frequency when you exchange a CDT product (connected to a PC) for an LCD product. If the LCD product does not support 85Hz, change the vertical 
frequency to 60Hz using the CDT product before you exchange it with the LCD product.
Model Name UD46D-P 
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30 ~ 81 kHz
Vertical Frequency 48 ~ 75 Hz
Resolution Optimum resolution 1920 x 1080  @ 60 Hz
Maximum resolution 1920 x 1080  @ 60 Hz
The screen will automatically be adjusted if a signal that belongs to the following standard signal modes is transmitted from your PC. If the signal transmitted from the PC 
does not belong to the standard signal modes, the screen may be blank with the power LED on. In such a case, change the settings according to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manual.
Resolution Horizontal Frequency
(kHz)Vertical Frequency(Hz)Pixel Clock(MHz)Sync Polarity(H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/- -Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line 
from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is measured in kHz.
 -Vertical FrequencyThe product displays a single image multiple times per second (like a fluorescent light) to display what the viewer sees. The rate of a single image being displayed repeatedly per second is called vertical frequency or refresh rate. Vertical frequency is measured in Hz.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Resolution Horizontal Frequency
(kHz)Vertical Frequency(Hz)Pixel Clock(MHz)Sync Polarity(H/V)
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1366 x 768 47.712 59.790 85.500 +/+
VESA,1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+
VESA,1600 x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA,1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+
VESA,1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix
Responsibility for the Pay Service  
(Cost to Customers)
 ―When the service is requested, in spite of in warranty, we may charge you for a visit from a service 
technician in the following cases.
Not a product defect
Cleaning of the product, Adjustment, Explanation, Re-installation and etc.
 • If a service technician gives instructions on how to use product or simply adjusts options without 
disassembling product.
 • If a defect is caused by external environmental factors (Internet, Antenna, Wired Signal, etc.)
 • If a product is reinstalled or devices are connected additionally after installing the purchased product for the first time.
 • If a product is reinstalled to move to a different spot or to move to a different house.
 • If customer requests instructions on how to use because of another company's product.
 • If customer requests instructions on how to use the network or another company's programme.
 • If customer requests software installation and setup for the product.
 • If a service technician removes/cleans dusts or foreign materials inside of the product.
 • If customer requests an installation additionally after purchasing a product through home-shopping or online.A Product damage caused by customer's fault
Product damage caused by customer's mishandling or wrong repair
If a product damage is caused by;
 • External impact or drop.
 • Use of supplies or separatly sold product unspecified by Samsung.
 • Repair from a person besides an engineer of outsourcing service company or partner of Samsung 
Electronics Co., Ltd.
 • Remodeling or repairing the product by customer.
 • Using it with incorrect voltage or non-authorised electrical connections.
 • Not following the "cautions" in User Manual.
Others
 • If product fails by natural disaster. (lightning, fire, earthquake, flood damage, etc)
 • If consumable components are all used up. (Battery, Toner, Fluorescent lights, Head, Vibrator, Lamp, Filter, Ribbon, etc.)
 ―If customer requests a service in case the product has no defect, service fee may be charged. So 
please read User Manual first.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  WEEE
Correct Disposal of This Product (Waste Electrical & Electronic Equipment)
(Applicable in countries with separate collection systems)
This marking on the product, accessories or literature indicates that the product and its electronic accessories (e.g. charger, headset, 
USB cable) should not be disposed of with other household waste at the end of their working life. To prevent possible harm to the environment or human health from uncontrolled waste disposal, please separate these items from other types of waste and recycle them responsibly to promote the sustainable reuse of material resources.
Household users should contact either the retailer where they purchased this product, or their local government office, for details of 
where and how they can take these items for environmentally safe recycling.
Business users should contact their supplier and check the terms and conditions of the purchase contract. This product and its 
electronic accessories should not be mixed with other commercial wastes for disposal.
Correct disposal of batteries in this product
(Applicable in countries with separate collection systems)
This marking on the battery, manual or packaging indicates that the batteries in this product should not be disposed of with other household waste at the end of their working life. Where marked, the chemical symbols Hg, Cd or Pb indicate that the battery contains mercury, cadmium or lead above the reference levels in EC Directive 2006/66.
If batteries are not properly disposed of, these substances can cause harm to human health or the environment.To protect natural resources and to promote material reuse, please separate batteries from other types of waste and recycle them 
through your local, free battery return system.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Optimum Picture Quality and Afterimage 
Burn-in Prevention
Optimum Picture Quality
 • Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) 
may be brighter or darker on the panel. This does not affect product performance.
 -The number of sub-pixels by panel type: 6,220,800
 • Run Auto Adjustment to improve the picture quality. If noise is still found even after auto adjustment, adjust Coarse or Fine.
 • Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time may cause afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
 -Activate power-saving mode or a dynamic screen saver if you will not be using the product for an extended period of time.
Prevention of Afterimage Burn-in
What is afterimage burn-in?
Afterimage burn-in should not occur when the LCD panel is operating normally. Normal operation refers to a continuously changing video pattern. If the LCD panel displays a fixed pattern for an extended period of time (more than 12 hours), a slight voltage difference may occur between the electrodes in pixels that control the liquid crystals.
Such a voltage difference between electrodes increases with time and makes the liquid crystals thinner. 
When this occurs, a previous image can remain on the screen when the pattern changes. To prevent this, the accumulated voltage difference should be reduced.
 ―Afterimage burn-in should not occur when an LCD panel is operating in proper conditions.Black Matrix
Source Drain
Data Bus-LineTFTGate Pixel Electrode (ITO)Storage 
Capaccitor (Cs)Colour-FilterCommon Electrode (ITO)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Preventing afterimage burn-in
 ―The best way to protect the product from afterimage burn-in is switching the power off or setting the 
PC or system to run a screen saver when not in use. Also, Warranty service may be limited depending 
on instruction guide.
 • Powering Off, Screen Saver and Power Saving Mode
 -Power off the product for 2 hours after using it for 12 hours.
 -Go to Display Properties > Power Supply on your PC and set the product to power off as required.
 -Using a screen saver is recommended.
It is best to use a single-colour or moving-image screen saver.
 • Regular colour Change
 -Use 2 coloursSwitch between 2 colours every 30 minutes as shown above.
FLIGHT FLIGHT TIME TIME
OZ348
UA102 21:1020:30 OZ348
UA102 21:1020:30Type 1 Type 2
 • Avoid combinations of a text colour and background colour of contrasting brightness.
(Brightness: refers to the lightness or darkness of a colour which varies depending on the amount of 
light emitted.)
 ―Avoid using grey as it may contribute to afterimage burn-in.
 ―Avoid using colours of contrasting brightness (black and white; grey).
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:: • Regular Text colour Change
 -Use bright colours of similar brightness.
Interval: Change text colour and background colour every 30 minutes
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30::
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:
 -Move and change text every 30 minutes as shown below.
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30::
[ Step 3 ] [ Step 2 ]FLIGHT TIME
OZ348::
[ Step 1 ]20:30
 -Regularly display a moving image along with a logo.
Interval: Display a moving image along with a logo for 60 seconds after using for 4 hours.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Licence
Manufactured under licence from Dolby Laboratories.
Dolby and the double-D symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.
⃕Manufactured under a licence from U.S. Patent No’s: 5,956,674, 5,974,380, 
5,978,762, 6,487,535, 6,226,616, 7,212,872, 7,003,467, 7,272,567, 7,668,723, 7,392,195, 7,930,184, 7,333,929 and 7,548,853. DTS, the Symbol, and DTS and the Symbol together are registered trademarks & DTS Premium Sound | 5.1 is a trademark of DTS, Inc. ⓒ2012 DTS, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, and the 
HDMI Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC in the United States and other countries.DivX Certified Ⓡ to play DivX Ⓡ video up to HD 1080p, including premium 
content.
DivXⓇ, DivX CertifiedⓇ and associated logos are trademarks of Rovi 
Corporation or its subsidiaries and are used under licence.
ABOUT DIVX VIDEO: DivXⓇ is a digital video format created by DivX, LLC, a subsidiary of Rovi Corporation. This is an official DivX CertifiedⓇ device that has passed rigorous testing to verify that it plays DivX video. Visit divx.com for more information and software tools to convert your files into DivX videos.
ABOUT DIVX VIDEO-ON-DEMAND: This DivX CertifiedⓇ device must be registered in order to play 
purchased DivX Video-on-Demand (VOD) movies. To obtain your registration code, locate the DivX VOD section in your device setup menu. Go to vod.divx.com for more information on how to complete your registration.
Covered by one or more of the following U.S. patents: 7,295,673; 7,460,668; 7,515,710; 7,519,274
Open Source Licence NoticeIn the case of using open source software, Open Source Licences are available on the product menu. 
Open Source Licence Notice is written only English.
For information on the Open Source Licence Notice, contact the Samsung Customer Centre or send 
email to oss.request@samsung.com.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Terminology
480i / 480p / 720p / 1080i / 
1080p____ Each of the scanning rates above refers to the number of effective scanning lines that decides the screen resolution. The scanning rate may be indicated in i (interlaced) or p (progressive), depending on the scanning method.
- ScanningScanning refers to a process of sending 
pixels that form an image progressively. A larger number of pixels will deliver a clearer and more vivid picture.
- ProgressiveIn progressive scan mode, all lines 
of pixels are scanned one by one (progressively) on the screen.
- InterlacedIn interlaced scan mode, every other 
line of pixels is scanned from top to bottom first and then the remaining lines of pixels (that were not scanned) are scanned.Non-interlace Mode and Interlace Mode____ Non-interlace mode (progressive scan) displays a horizontal line from the top to the bottom of a screen progressively. Interlace mode displays the odd number lines first and the even number lines next. Non-interlace mode is mainly used in monitors as it produces screen clarity and interlace mode is mainly used in TVs.
Dot Pitch____ The screen consist of 
red, green and blue dots. A shorter distance between the dots produces a higher resolution. Dot pitch refers to the distance between the shortest distance between dots of the same colour. Dot pitch is measured in millimeters.Vertical Frequency____ The product displays a single image many times per second (like a fluorescent light that flickers) to display an image for a viewer to see. The rate of a single image being displayed repeatedly per second is called vertical frequency or refresh rate. Vertical frequency is measured in Hz.
E.g. 60Hz refers to a single image being 
displayed 60 times in one second.
Horizontal Frequency____ The time 
required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is measured in kHz.
Source ____ Input source refers to a 
video source device connected to the 
product such as a camcorder or video or DVD player.Component ports (green, blue and red)____ The component ports, which identify, transmit and receive contrast signals, provide superior picture quality to any other video connection methods.
Plug & Play____ Plug & Play is a 
function that allows the automatic exchange of information between a monitor and PC to produce an optimum display environment. The product uses VESA DDC (international standard) to execute Plug & Play.
Resolution____ Resolution is the 
number of horizontal dots (pixels) and vertical dots (pixels) that form a screen. It represents the level of display detail. A higher resolution enables more data to be displayed on the screen and is useful to perform multiple tasks simultaneously.
E.g. A resolution of 1920 X 1080 consists 
of 1,920 horizontal pixels (horizontal resolution) and 1,080 vertical pixels (vertical resolution).DVD (Digital Versatile Disc)____ DVD refers to a CD-sized mass storage disk where you can save multimedia (audio, video or game) applications using MPEG-2 video compression technology.
HDMI (High Definition Multimedia 
Interface)____ It is an interface that can be connected to a digital audio source as well as a high-definition video source by using a single cable without compression.
Multiple Display Control (MDC)____ 
MDC (Multiple Display Control) is an application that allows multiple display devices to be controlled simultaneously using a PC. Communication between a PC and monitor takes place using RS232C (serial data transmission) and RJ45 (LAN) cables.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User Manual
The color and the appearance may differ depending on the product, and the specifications are subject to change without 
prior notice to improve the performance.
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
© Samsung Electronics
Samsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.
Use or reproduction of this manual in parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is prohibited.
Trademarks other than that of Samsung Electronics are owned by their respective owners.
U28E570D
 • An administration fee may be charged if either
 ‒(a) an engineer is called out at your request and there is no defect in the product
(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
 ‒(b) you bring the unit to a repair center and there is no defect in the product
(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
 • The amount of such administration charge will be advised to you before any work or home visit is carried out.2Table of contents
Before Using the Product
Securing the Installation Space 4
Precautions for storage 4
Safety Precautions 4
Symbols 4
Cleaning 5
Electricity and Safety 5
Installation 6
Operation 7
Preparations
Parts 9
Control Panel 9
Direct Key guide 10
Function Key Guide 11
Configuring E ye Saver  Mode, Brightness and  
Contrast  from the Initial Screen 13
Configuring Volume in the Initial Screen 13
Reverse Side 14
Adjusting the Product Tilt 14
Anti-theft Lock 15
Installing a Wall-mount Kit or Desktop Stand 16
Installation 17
Attaching the Stand 17
Removing the Stand 18Connecting and Using a Source Device
Pre-connection Checkpoints 19
Connecting and Using a PC 19
Connection Using the HDMI Cable 19
Connection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable 19
Connection Using an DP Cable 20
Connecting to Headphones 20
Tidying Up the Connected Cables 20
Connecting the Power 20
Correct posture to use the product 21
Driver Installation 21
Setting Optimum Resolution 21
Screen Setup
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright 22
Brightness  23
Contrast  23
Sharpness  23
Color  23
SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle 24
HDMI Black L evel  24
Eye Saver  Mode  24
Game Mode  25Response Time  25
Picture S ize 25
Screen Adjustment  26
Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings
PIP/PBP  27
Configuring PIP/PBP Mode  28
Configuring S ize 28
Configuring Position  28
Configuring Sound Source  28
Configuring Source  28
Configuring Picture S ize 29
Configuring Contrast  29
Adjusting OSD (On Screen 
Display) settings
Transparency  30
Language  30
Display Time  303Table of contents
Setup and Reset
FreeSync  31
Eco Saving P lus 33
Off Timer  33
PC/AV Mode  33
DisplayPort Ver.  33
Source Detection  33
Key Repeat Time  34
Power  LED On  34
Reset All  34
Information  34
Installing the Software
Easy Setting Box 35Troubleshooting Guide
Requirements Before  
Contacting Samsung Customer Service Center 36
Testing the Product 36
Checking the Resolution and Frequency 36
Check the following. 36
Q & A 38
Specifications
General 39
Standard Signal Mode Table 40
Appendix
Responsibility for the Pay Service  
(Cost to Customers) 44
Not a product defect 44
A Product damage caused by customer's fault 44
Others 444Securing the Installation Space
Ensure some space around the product for ventilation. An internal temperature rise may cause fire and 
damage the product. Be sure to allow the amount of space as shown below or greater when installing 
the product.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
10 cm (3.93 inches)
10 cm (3.93 inches)10 cm 
(3.93 inches)
10 cm
(3.93 inches)10 cm
(3.93 inches)
Precautions for storage
High-glossy models can develop white stains on the surface if an ultrasonic wave humidifier is used 
nearby.
 ―Contact your nearest Samsung Customer Service Center if you want to clean the inside of the product 
(Service fee will be charged.)Safety Precautions
Caution RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN
Caution : TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE 
COVER. (OR BACK)
THERE ARE NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE.
REFER ALL SERVICING TO QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
This symbol indicates that high voltage is present inside.
It is dangerous to make any kind of contact with any internal part of 
this product.
This symbol alerts you that important literature concerning operation 
and maintenance has been included with this product.
Symbols
Warning A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
CautionPersonal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are 
not followed.Before Using the ProductChapter  015Cleaning
 ―Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched.
 ―Take the following steps when cleaning.
1 Power off the product and computer.
2 Disconnect the power cord from the product.
 ―Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet hands. Otherwise, an electric 
shock may result.
3 Wipe the monitor with a clean, soft and dry cloth.
 ‒Do not apply a cleaning agent that contains alcohol, solvent, or surfactant to the monitor.
 ‒Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4 Wet a soft and dry cloth in water and wring thoroughly to clean the exterior of the product.
5 Connect the power cord to the product when cleaning is finished.
6 Power on the product and computer.Electricity and Safety
Warning
 •Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
 •Do not use multiple products with a single power socket.
 •Do not touch the power plug with wet hands.
 •Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
 •Connect the power plug to a grounded power socket (type 1 insulated devices only).
 •Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Be careful not to leave the power cord under a heavy 
object.
 •Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources.
 •Clean any dust around the pins of the power plug or the power socket with a dry cloth.
Caution
 •Do not disconnect the power cord while the product is being used.
 •Only use the power cord provided with your product by Samsung. Do not use the power cord with 
other products.
 •Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed.
 ‒The power cord must be disconnected to cut off power to the product when an issue occurs.
 •Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket.6Warning
 •DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT REPELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP OF THE PRODUCT. DO NOT 
INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
 •Do not install the product in poorly ventilated spaces such as a bookcase or closet.
 •Install the product at least 10 cm away from the wall to allow ventilation.
 •Keep the plastic packaging out of the reach of children.
 ‒Children may suffocate.
 •Do not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, sloped surface, etc.)
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 ‒Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the product or cause a fire.
 •Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water drips, etc.), oil, or 
smoke.
 •Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a stove.
 ‒The product lifespan may be reduced or a fire may result.
 •Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
 ‒The product may fall and injure children.
 •Edible oil (such as soybean oil) may damage or distort the product. Keep the product away from oil 
pollution. And do not install or use the product in the kitchen or near the kitchen stove.Caution
 •Do not drop the product while moving.
 •Do not set down the product on its front.
 •When installing the product on a cabinet or shelf, make sure that the bottom edge of the front of 
the product is not protruding.
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 ‒Install the product only on cabinets or shelves of the right size.
 •Set down the product gently.
 ‒Product failure or personal injury may result.
 •Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine dust, chemical 
substances, extreme temperatures or a significant presence of moisture, or a place where 
the product will operate continuously for an extended period of time) may seriously affect its 
performance.
 ‒Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Center if you want to install the product at such a 
place.Installation7Warning
 •There is a high voltage inside the product. Never disassemble, repair or modify the product 
yourself.
 ‒Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for repairs.
 •To move the product, first disconnect all the cables from it, including the power cable.
 •If the product generates abnormal sounds, a burning smell or smoke, disconnect the power cord 
immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 •Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
 ‒Children may become injured or seriously harmed.
 •If the product is dropped or the outer case is damaged, turn off the power and disconnect the 
power cord. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 ‒Continued use can result in a fire or electric shock.
 •Do not leave heavy objects or items that children like (toys, sweets, etc.) on top of the product.
 ‒The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toys or sweets resulting in a 
serious injury.
 •During a lightning or thunderstorm, power off the product and remove the power cable.
 •Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
 •Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 •If a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, ventilate the area 
immediately.
 •Do not lift or move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 •Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near the product.
 •Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
 ‒An increased internal temperature may cause a fire. •Do not insert metallic objects (chopsticks, coins, hairpins, etc) or objects that burn easily (paper, 
matches, etc) into the product (via the vent or input/output ports, etc).
 ‒Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign 
substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 •Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic objects on top of the 
product.
 ‒Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign 
substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.Operation8Caution
 •Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time may cause 
afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
 ‒Activate power-saving mode or a moving-picture screen saver if you will not be using the 
product for an extended period of time.
 •Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the product for an 
extended period of time (vacation, etc).
 ‒Dust accumulation combined with heat can cause a fire, electric shock or electric leakage.
 •Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
 ‒Your eyesight may deteriorate.
 •Do not put AC/DC adapters together.
 •Remove the plastic bag from the AC/DC adapter before you use it.
 •Do not let water enter the power device or get the device wet.
 ‒An electric shock or fire may result.
 ‒Avoid using the product outdoors where it can be exposed to rain or snow.
 ‒Be careful not to get the AC/DC adapter wet when you wash the floor.
 •Do not put the AC/DC adapter near to any heating apparatus.
 ‒Otherwise, a fire may result.
 •Keep the AC/DC adapter in a well-ventilated area.
 •If you place the AC/DC power adapter so that it is hanging with the cord input facing upwards, 
water or other foreign substances could enter the Adapter and cause the Adapter to malfunction.
Make sure to rest the AC/DC power adapter flat on a table or the floor.
 •Do not hold the product upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged or cause an injury.
 •Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can deteriorate your eyesight.
 •Do not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
 •Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes for every 1 hour of product use. •Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an extended period of time as it 
will become hot.
 •Store small accessories out of the reach of children.
 •Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle or stand height.
 ‒Your hand or finger may get stuck and injured.
 ‒Tilting the product at an excessive angle may cause the product to fall and an injury may result.
 •Do not place heavy objects on the product.
 ‒Product failure or personal injury may result.
 •When using headphones or earphones, do not turn the volume too high.
 ‒Having the sound too loud may damage your hearing.9PreparationsChapter  02
Parts
Control Panel
 ―The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
LEFT
ReturnJOG Button
Function Key GuideRIGHT
DOWNPRESS(ENTER)UPIcons Description
JOG ButtonMulti directional button that helps navigate.
 ―The JOG button is located on the rear left side of the product. The 
button can be used to move up, down, left or right, or as Enter.
Function Key GuidePress the JOG button when the screen is turned on. The Function Key 
Guide will appear. To access the onscreen menu when the guide is 
displayed, press the corresponding direction button again.
 ―Function Key Guide may vary depending on the function or product 
model. Please refer to the actual product. 10Eye Saver Mode
Volume
Features
Eye Saver Mode Off
 •UP/DOWN: Adjust Brightness , Contrast , Eye Saver Mode .
 •LEFT/RIGHT: Adjust Volume .
 •PRESS(ENTER): Display Function Key Guide.Direct Key guide
 ―The shortcut button screen (OSD menu) shown below is displayed only when the monitor screen is turned on, the computer resolution changes, or the input source changes.11Function Key Guide
 ―To enter the main menu or to use other items, press the JOG button to display the Function Key Guide. You can exit by pressing the JOG button again.
ReturnUP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT: Move to the item you want. The description for each item will appear when the focus changes.
PRESS(ENTER): The selected item will be applied.
Icons Description
Selects  to change the input signal by moving the JOG button in the Function Key Guide screen. A message will appear on the top left corner of the screen if the input signal has 
been changed.
Selects  by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
The OSD (On Screen Display) of your Monitor’s feature appears.
OSD control lock: Maintain the current settings, or lock the OSD control to prevent unintended changes to settings.
Enable/Disable: To lock/unlock the OSD control, press the LEFT button for 10 seconds when the main menu displayed.
 ―If the OSD control is locked, Brightness  and Contrast  can be adjusted. PIP/PBP  is available.
Eye Saver Mode  is available. Information  can be viewed.
Selects  by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
Press the button when configuring settings for the PIP/PBP  function is required.
Selects  to turn the Monitor off by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
 ―Actual models because of functional variation, Function key guide options will be different.12When the monitor displays nothing (i.e. Power saving mode or Non-signal mode), 2 direct keys for 
control source and power could be used as below.
JOG Button Power saving/Non-signal mode
UP Source Change
Down
PRESS(ENTER) for 2 seconds Power Off
When the monitor displays the Main menu the JOG Button could be used as below.
JOG Button Action
UP/DOWN Move the option
LEFTExit the Main menu.
Close Sublist without saving value.
Value decreases in the slider.
RIGHTMove to next depth.
Value increases in the slider.
PRESS(ENTER)Move to next depth.
Save the value and close Sublist.13Configuring E ye Saver  Mode, Brightness and Contrast 
from the Initial Screen
Adjust the Brightness , Contrast  and Eye Saver Mode  by moving the JOG button.
Eye Saver Mode
BrightnessContrast
Off
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
Eye Saver Mode
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
Brightness
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
Contrast
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size  is set to  (PBP Mode).Configuring Volume in the Initial Screen
Adjust the Volume  by moving the JOG button when the Direct Key Guide is displayed on the screen.
Volume 50
Mute
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 ―If the audio quality of a connected input device is poor, the Auto Mute function on the product may mute 
the sound or cause choppy audio when applying the headphones or speakers. Set the input volume for the 
input device to at least 20% and control the volume using the volume control (JOG button LEFT/RIGHT) on 
the product.
 ―What is Auto Mute?
The function mutes the audio to improve sound effect when there is sound noise or when the input 
signal is weak, usually due to a problem with the volume of an input device.
 ―To activate the Mute  function, access the Volume  control screen, then use the JOG button to move the 
focus down. To deactivate the Mute  function, access the Volume  control screen, then increase or decrease 
the Volume .14Reverse Side
 ―The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
Port Description
Connect to a source device using an HDMI cable.
 ―HDMI 1  support 3840 x 2160 30 Hz
 ―HDMI 2  support 3840 x 2160 60 Hz
Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
Connect to an audio output device such as headphones.
 ―The sound could only be heard when using the HDMI to HDMI cable 
or DP cable.
Connects to the AC/DC adapter.Adjusting the Product Tilt
 ―The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
-2.0° (±2.0°) ~ 20.0° (±2.0°)
 • You can adjust the product tilt.
 •Hold the lower part of the product and adjust the tilt carefully.15Anti-theft Lock
 ―An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places.
 ―The locking device shape and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user guide 
provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
To lock an anti-theft locking device:
1 Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object such as a desk.
2 Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3 Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4 Lock the locking device.
 ‒An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
 ‒Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 ‒Anti-theft locking devices can be purchased at electronics retailers or online.16Installing a Wall-mount Kit or Desktop Stand
 ―Power the product off and remove the power cable from the power socket.
1 2
4 3
A Attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand here
B Bracket (sold separately)
Align the grooves and tightly fasten the screws on the bracket on the product with the corresponding 
parts on the wall-mount kit or desktop stand you want to attach. •Notes
 ‒Using a screw longer than the standard length can damage the internal components of the 
product.
 ‒The length of screws required for a wall mount that does not comply with the VESA standards 
may vary depending on the specifications.
 ‒Do not use screws that do not comply with the VESA standards. Do not attach the wall-mount kit 
or desktop stand using excessive force. The product may get damaged or fall and cause personal 
injury. Samsung shall not be held liable for any damage or injury caused by using improper 
screws or attaching the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force.
 ‒Samsung shall not be held liable for any product damage or personal injury caused by using a 
wall-mount kit other than the one specified or from an attempt to install the wall-mount kit on 
your own.
 ‒To mount the product on a wall, ensure you purchase a wall-mount kit that can be installed 10 
cm or farther away from the wall.
 ‒Be sure to use a wall-mount kit that complies with the standards.
 ‒To install the monitor using a wall mount, disconnect the stand base from the monitor.
Unit: mm (inches)
Model name VESA screw hole specs (A * B) 
in millimetersStandard Screw Quantity
U28E570D 75.0 x 75.0 (3.0 x 3.0) M4 4
 ―Do not install your Wall Mount Kit while your product is turned on. It may result in personal injury due to 
electric shock.17Installation
Attaching the Stand
 ―Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen is facing downwards.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
1Insert the stand neck into the stand base in the 
direction shown in the figure.
2Check that the stand neck is firmly connected.
3Tightly fasten the connecting screw at the bottom of 
the stand base.4Place a soft cloth over the table to protect the product 
and place the product onto the cloth so that the front 
of the product is facing downwards.
5Hold the main body of the product with your hand as 
shown by the figure. Push the assembled stand into 
the main body in the direction of the arrow as shown in 
the figure.
- Caution
Do not hold the product upside down only by the stand.18Removing the Stand
 ―Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen is facing downwards.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
1Place a soft cloth over the table to protect the product 
and place the product onto the cloth so that the front 
of the product is facing downwards.
2To disassemble the stand from the monitor, make sure 
to press the lower part of the monitor with one hand, 
and pull and sway sideways the stand with the other 
hand, as shown in the picture.
3Turn the connecting screw at the bottom of the stand 
base to separate it.4Remove the stand neck from the stand base by pulling 
it in the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.19Connecting and Using a Source DeviceChapter  03
Pre-connection Checkpoints
 ―Before connecting a source device, read the user manual provided with it.
The number and locations of ports on source devices may differ from device to device.
 ―Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables.
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
Connecting the power cable during connection may damage the product.
 ―Check the types of ports at the back of the product you want to connect.Connecting and Using a PC
Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 ―Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
Connection Using the HDMI Cable
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2  
Connection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2  
20Connection Using an DP Cable
DP IN
Connecting to Headphones
Tidying Up the Connected CablesConnecting the Power
1
2
3
1 Connect the power cable to the AC/DC adapter. Then, connect the AC/DC adapter to the DC 14V  
port on the back of the product.
2 Next, connect the power cable to the power outlet.
3 Press the JOG button on the back of the monitor to turn it on.
 ―The input voltage is switched automatically.21Correct posture to use the product
Use the product in the correct posture as follows:
 •Straighten your back.
 •Adjust the angle so light does not reflect on the screen.
 •Keep your forearms perpendicular to your upper arms and level with the back of your hands.
 •Keep your elbows at about a right angle.
 •Adjust the height of the product so you can keep your knees bent at 90 degrees or more, your heels 
attached to the floor, and your arms lower than your heart.Driver Installation
 ―You can set the optimum resolution and frequency for this product by installing the corresponding drivers.
 ―To install the latest version of the product driver, download it from the Samsung Electronics website at 
http://www.samsung.com.
Setting Optimum Resolution
An information message about setting optimum resolution will appear if you power on the product for 
the first time after purchase.
Select a language on the product and change the resolution on your PC to the optimum setting.
 ―If the optimum resolution is not selected, the message will appear up to three times for a specified time 
even when the product is turned off and on again.
 ―The optimum resolution can also be selected in Control Panel  on your PC.22Screen Setup
Configure the screen settings such as brightness.
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  04
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
This menu provides an optimum picture quality suitable for the environment where the product will be 
used.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Angle  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
You can customize the brightness to suit your preferences.
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGICBright
SAMSUNG
MAGICAnglePicture
Brightness
Contrast
Sharpness
Color
HDMI Black LevelSet to an 
optimum picture 
quality suitable 
for the working 
environment.Custom
100
75
60
Off
Return
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.In PC mode
 •Custom : Customize the contrast and brightness as required.
 •Standard : Obtain a picture quality suitable for editing documents or using Internet.
 •Cinema : Obtain the brightness and sharpness of TVs suitable for enjoying video and DVD content.
 •Dynamic Contrast : Obtain balanced brightness through automatic contrast adjustment.
In AV mode
When the external input is connected through HDMI and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV, SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  has four 
automatic picture settings ( Dynamic , Standard , Movie  and Custom ) that are preset at the factory. You 
can activate either Dynamic , Standard , Movie  or Custom . You can select Custom  which automatically 
recalls your personalized picture settings.
 •Dynamic : Select this mode to view a sharper image than in Standard  mode.
 •Standard : Select this mode when the surroundings are bright. This also provides a sharp image.
 •Movie : Select this mode when the surroundings are dark. This will save power and reduce eye 
fatigue.
 •Custom : Select this mode when you want to adjust the image according to your preferences.23Brightness
You can adjust the general brightness of the picture. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will make the picture appear brighter.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
Contrast
Adjust the contrast between the objects and background. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will increase the contrast to make the object appear clearer.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size  is set to  (PBP Mode).
Sharpness
Make the outline of objects more clear or blurry. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will make the outline of objects clearer.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.Color
Adjust the tint of the screen.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  is set to Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―The Color Tone  and Gamma  menu is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Angle  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Red: Adjust the red saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Green : Adjust the green saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Blue : Adjust the blue saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Color Tone : Select a color tone that best suits your viewing needs.
 ‒Cool 2 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Cool 1 .
 ‒Cool 1 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Normal  mode.
 ‒Normal : Display the standard color tone.
 ‒Warm 1 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Normal  mode.
 ‒Warm 2 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Warm 1 .
 ‒Custom : Customize the color tone.
 ―When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV, Color Tone  has 
four color temperature settings ( Cool , Normal , Warm  and Custom ).
 •Gamma : Adjust the middle level of luminance.
 ‒Mode1  / Mode2  / Mode324SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle
SAMSUNG
MAGIC Angle  allows you to configure the settings to obtain the optimum picture quality according to 
your viewing angle.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  is set to Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  or Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
You can customize the angle to suit your preferences.
4
2
311
5 5
 •Off 1: Select this option to view directly in front of the product.
 •Lean Back Mode 1  2: Select this option to view from a place slightly lower than the product.
 •Lean Back Mode 2  3: Select this option to view from a place lower than Lean Back Mode 1 .
 •Standing Mode  4: Select this option to view from a place higher than the product.
 •Side Mode  5: Select this option to view from either side of the product.
 •Group View : Select this option for more than one viewer to view from places 1, 4, and 5.
 •Custom : Lean Back Mode 1  will be applied by default if Custom  is selected.HDMI Black L evel
If a DVD player or set-top box is connected to the product via HDMI, image qual ity degradation (contrast/
color degradation, black level, etc.) may occur, depending on the connected source device. In such case, 
HDMI Black Level  can be used to adjust the image quality.
If this is the case, correct the degraded picture quality using HDMI Black Level .
 ―This function is only available in HDMI 1  or HDMI 2  mode.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Normal : Select this mode when there is no contrast ratio degradation.
 •Low : Select this mode to reduce the black level and increase the white level when there is a 
contrast ratio degradation.
 ―HDMI Black Level  may not be compatible with some source devices.
Eye Saver  Mode
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
Set to an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation.
TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” is a certification for products which meet requirements for 
lower blue light levels. When Eye Saver Mode  is 'On', the blue light that wavelength is around 400nm 
will decrease, and it will provide an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation. At the same 
time, the blue light level is lower than in the default settings, and it was tested by TÜV Rheinland and 
certified as it met the requirements of TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” standards.25Game Mode
Configure the product screen settings for game mode.
Use this feature when playing games on a PC or when a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™ 
is connected.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
Response Time
Accelerate the panel response rate to make video appear more vivid and natural.
 ―It is best to set Response Time  to Standard  or Faster  when you are not viewing a movie.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size  is set to / /  (PBP Mode).Picture S ize
Change the picture size.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size  is set to  (PBP Mode).
 ―This option is not available when FreeSync  is enabled.
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the input source.
 •Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the input source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9 : Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit : Display the picture with the original aspect ratio without cutting off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP cable. 
 ―The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to 
AV.26Screen Adjustment
 ―This menu is only available when Picture Size  is set to Screen Fit  in AV Mode.
When a 480P or 576P or 720P or 1080P signal is input in AV mode and the monitor can display normally, 
select Screen Fit  to adjust horizontal position in 0-6 levels.
Configuring H-Position & V-Position
H-Position : Move the screen to the left or right.
V-Position : Move the screen up or down.27Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  05
PIP/PBP
The PIP (Picture in Picture) function separates the screen into two parts. One source devic e is displayed 
on the main screen at the same time the another source device is displayed in inset windows.
The PBP (Picture by Picture) function separates the screen in half displaying output from two different 
source devices simultaneously on the left and right sides of the screen.
 
 Picture
PIP/PBP Mode
Size
Position
Sound Source
Source
Picture Size
ContrastTurn PIP/PBP 
Mode on or off.On
DisplayPort
Auto
Return
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model. ―Compatible with Windows7 and Windows8.
 ―The PIP/PBP  function may not be available depending on the specifications of the graphics card used. If  the 
screen is blank in PIP/PBP  mode when the optimum resolution is selected, go to Control Panel   Display  
 Screen Resolution  and click Detect  on the PC. (Instructions are based on Windows 7 .) If the screen is 
blank when the resolution is set to the optimum resolution, change the resolution to 1280 x 1024.
 ―The screen may flicker briefly or appear after a delay when you enable or disable the PIP/PBP  function or 
when you change the screen size with the PIP/PBP  function activated.
This can typically arise when a PC and a monitor are connected to two or more input sources. It has nothing 
to do with the performance of a monitor.
The issue is mainly caused when the video signals are delayed in transmission to the monitor depending on 
the graphics card performance.
 ―To maximize the picture quality and Sound can be normal output it is recommended to use a graphics card 
or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 at 30HZ) resolution when connect HDMI 1  port.
 ―To maximize the picture quality and Sound can be normal output it is recommended to use a graphics card 
or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 at 60HZ) resolution when connect HDMI 2  port.
 ―When the PIP/PBP  function is enabled, the resolution will not be able to automatically switch to the 
optimum resolution due to a compatibility issue between the graphics card and the Windows system.
Set PIP/PBP Mode  to Off. Alternatively, restart the monitor, then set the resolution to the optimum setting 
using the Windows interface.28Configuring PIP/PBP Mode
Enable or disable the PIP/PBP Mode  function.
Configuring S ize
Select the size and aspect ratio of the sub-screen.
 • : Select the icon image if you want to use PBP mode where the optimum resolution for the left 
and right sides of the screen is 1920 x 2160 (width x height).
 • : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution for the sub-
screen is 720 x 480 (width x height).
 • : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution of the sub-
screen is 1280 x 720 (width x height).
 • : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution of the sub-
screen is 1920 x 1080 (width x height).
Configuring Position
Select the position of the sub-screen from the available options.
 •  /  /  / 
 ―Not available when PBP is selected.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.Configuring Sound Source
Set which screen you want to hear the sound for.
PIP mode
 / 
PBP mode
 / 
Configuring Source
Select the source for each screen.
 ―The input source for the main screen changes.
 ―With the exception of the current input source, the other two input sources can be selected.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 ―When the Function Key Guide appears, move the JOG button LEFT to select the  icon and then press the 
JOG button. The main screen will switch in the order DisplayPort   HDMI 1   HDMI 2 .
PBP Mode (available in PBP mode( Size ))
 ―The input source for the main screen changes.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 ―When the input signal of the left and right screens are the same, the operation cannot be performed.
 ―When the Function Key Guide appears, move the JOG button LEFT to select the  icon and then press the 
JOG button. The same PBP source setting menu appears.PIP Mode (available in PIP mode( Size   /  / ))29Configuring Picture S ize
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
 •Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and 
standard broadcasts.
 •16:9 : Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit : Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting 
anything off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ‒A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP cable.
 ‒The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally (Not every 
model can support all of these signals.).
 ‒This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is 
set to AV.PBP Mode (available in PBP mode( Size ))
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
 •Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and 
standard broadcasts.
 •16:9 : Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit : Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting 
anything off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ‒A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP cable.
 ‒The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally (Not every 
model can support all of these signals.).
 ‒This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is 
set to AV.
Configuring Contrast
PIP Mode
Adjust the contrast level for sub-screen. (available in PIP mode( Size   /  / ))
PBP Mode
Adjust the contrast level for each screen. (available in PBP mode( Size  ))PIP Mode  (available in PIP mode ( Size   /  / ))30Adjusting OSD (On Screen Display) settings
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  06
Transparency
Set the transparency for the menu windows.
 
 
한국어OnScreen Display
Transparency
Language
Display TimeConfigure the 
transparency 
of the menu 
windows.On
English
20 sec
Return
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Language
Set the menu language.
 ―A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display.
 ―It will not be applied to other functions on your PC.
Display Time
Set the on-screen display (OSD) menu to automatically disappear if the menu is not used for a specified 
period of time.
Display Time  can be used to specify the time after which you want the OSD menu to disappear.31Setup and Reset
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  07
FreeSync
The functions available may vary depending on the product model. Refer to the actual product.
FreeSync  is a DisplayPort 1.2 function, so the choice of the DisplayPort Ver.  1.1 in OSD, or when the 
access of HDMI signal, the FreeSync  function is not available. Make sure to use a Samsung DP cable. DP 
cables not supplied by Samsung may not be compatible with the product.
Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
The sound quality of the monitor may decrease if FreeSync  is enabled.
 •Off: Disable FreeSync .
 •On: Enable the basic FreeSync  functions of the AMD graphics card. 
 FreeSync
Eco Saving Plus
Off Timer
PC/AV Mode
DisplayPort Ver.
Source Detection
Key Repeat TimeSystem
ReturnOff
Off
1.2
Auto
AccelerationFreeSync 
technology is 
solution that 
eliminates screen 
tearing without all 
the usual lag and 
latency. FreeSync 
can be operated 
when you use 
AMD's graphic card 
with supporting 
Freesync solution.
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
If the FreeSync  function is enabled, the screen may flicker when you play games.
FreeSync  technology is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency.
FreeSync  can be operated when you use AMD's graphic card with supporting FreeSync  solution.
FreeSync  is only supported by AMD graphics cards. Select FreeSync  Off if you are using a graphics card 
from a different manufacturer.
Please refer to the AMD's official website related situation.
Only a few of the following types of AMD graphics card can support FreeSync , and need to install the 
AMD's latest official FreeSync driver.32 •Radeon R9 290X/290
 •Radeon R9 285
 •Radeon R7 260X/260
 •AMD A10 “Kaveri” APU (ex. A10 7850K)
 ―For additional AMD graphics card models that support the FreeSync  feature, visit the official AMD website.
 ―If the FreeSync  function is enabled, the response rate during the game may fluctuate depending on the 
resolution. A higher resolution generally decreases the response rate.
 ―If the FreeSync  function is enabled, the screen can flicker depending on the game option settings. 
Decreasing the game setting values might help to remove the flicker. Installing the latest drivers from the 
AMD website may also fix this issue.Point the right mouse button, select the AMD Catalyst Control Center .
33Eco Saving P lus
The Eco Saving Plus  function reduces power consumption by controlling the electric current used by 
the monitor panel.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright  is in Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Off: Deactivate the Eco Saving Plus  function.
 •Auto : The power consumption will automatically be reduced by about 10% over the current setting.
(The reduction of power consumption depends on the customer screen brightness condition.)
 •Low : The power consumption will be reduced by 25% over the default setting.
 •High : The power consumption will be reduced by 50% over the default setting.
Off Timer
Off Timer : Turn on Off Timer  mode.
Turn Off After : The off timer can be set within a range of 1 to 23 hours. The product will automatically 
power off after the specified number of hours.
 ―This option is only available when Off Timer  is set to On.
 ―For products for the market in some regions, the Off Timer  is set to automatically activate 4 hours after the 
product powers on. This is done in accordance with power supply regulations. If you do not want the timer 
to activate, go to MENU   System  and set Off Timer  to Off.PC/AV Mode
Set PC/AV Mode  to AV. The picture size will be enlarged.
This option is useful when you view a movie.
 •Set to PC when connected to a PC.
 •Set to AV when connected to an AV device.
 ―Supplied for the wide models only such as 16:9 or 16:10.
 ―If the monitor (when set to HDMI 1 , HDMI 2  or DisplayPort ) is in power saving mode or is displaying the 
message Check Signal Cable , press the MENU  button to display the On Screen Display(OSD). You can select 
PC or AV.
DisplayPort Ver.
Select your Displayport. Displayport 1.1 supports High Bit Rate 1, while 1.2 supports High Bit Rate 2.
 ―Incorrect settings may cause the screen to go blank. If this occurs, check the device specifications.
 ―If the monitor (when set to HDMI 1 , HDMI 2  or DisplayPort ) is in power saving mode or is displaying the 
message Check Signal Cable , press the  button to display the On Screen Display (OSD). You can select 1.1 
or 1.2.
 ―If you select 1.1, the maximum resolution of your screen drops to 2560 x 1440 due to the limita tions in HBR1 
transmission speeds.
Source Detection
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
Select either Auto  or Manual  as the method to recognize input signal.34Key Repeat Time
Control the response rate of a button when the button is pressed.
Acceleration , 1 sec , or 2 sec  can be selected. If No Repeat  is selected, a command responds only once 
when a button is pressed.
Power  LED On
Configure the settings to enable or disable the power LED located at the lower part of the product.
 •Working : The power LED is on when the product is turned on.
 •Stand-by : The power LED is on when the product is turned off.
Reset All
Return all the settings for the product to the default factory settings.Information
View the current input source, frequency and resolution.
 
 
   Picture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationInformation
ExitLU********/**
S/N:**************
PBP
 
 
   Picture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationInformation
ExitLU********/**
S/N:**************
PIP
 
 
   Picture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationInformation
ExitLU********/**
S/N:**************
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.HDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz
HDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzHDMI 2
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz
HDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzHDMI 2
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz35Installing the SoftwareChapter  08
Easy Setting Box
Easy Setting Box  enables users to use the monitor by partitioning multiple sections.
To install the latest version of Easy Setting Box , download it from the Samsung Electronics website at 
http://www.samsung.com.
 ―The software may not work properly if you do not restart the computer after the installation.
 ―The Easy Setting Box  icon may not appear depending on the computer system and the product 
specifications.
 ―If the shortcut icon does not appear, press the F5 key.
Restrictions and Problems with the Installation
The Easy Setting Box  installation may be affected by the Graphics Card, Motherboard and the 
Networking Environment.System Requirements
OS Hardware
 •Windows XP 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows Vista 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 7 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 8 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 8.1 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 10 32Bit/64Bit •At least 32MB of memory
 •At least 60MB of free space on the hard disk drive36Troubleshooting GuideChapter  09
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung 
Customer Service Center
 ―Before calling Samsung Customer Service Center, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, 
contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Testing the Product
Check if your product is operating normally by using the product test function.
If the screen is turned off and the power indicator blinks even though the product is properly connected 
to a PC, perform a self-diagnosis test.
1 Power off both the PC and product.
2 Disconnect the cables from the product.
3 Power on the product.
4 If the message Check Signal Cable  appears, the product is working normally.
 ―If the screen remains blank, check the PC system, video controller and cable.
Checking the Resolution and Frequency
For a mode that exceeds the supported resolution(refer to Standard Signal Mode Table ), the message 
Not Optimum Mode  will appear for a short time.
 ―The displayed resolution may vary, depending on the computer system settings and cables.Check the following.
Installation issue (PC mode)
The screen keeps switching on and off.
Check the cable connection between the product and PC, and ensure the connectors are locked.
Screen issue
The power LED is off. The screen will not switch on.
Check that the power cable is connected properly.
The message Check Signal Ca ble appears.
Check that the cable is properly connected to the product.
Check that the device connected to the product is powered on.
Not Optimum Mode  is displayed.
This message appears when the signal from the graphics card exceeds the maximum resolution or 
frequency for the product.
Change the maximum resolution and frequency to suit the product performance, referring to 
Standard Signal Mode Table ( P.40).
The images on the screen look distorted.
Check the cable connection to the product.37The screen appears unstable and shaky. There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
Check that the resolution and frequency for the PC are within the range of resolution and frequency 
compatible with the product. Next, if required, change the settings, referring to Standard Signal 
Mode Table ( P.40) in this manual and the Information  menu on the product.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too dark.
Adjust Brightness  and Contrast .
Screen color is inconsistent.
Change the Color  settings.
The colors on the screen have a shadow and are distorted.
Change the Color  settings.
White does not really look white.
Change the Color  settings.
There is no image on the screen and the power LED blinks every 0.5 to 1 second.
The product is operating in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to return to normal operating mode.
Video playback is choppy.
Playback of high-definition large video files can be choppy. This may be because the video player is 
not optimized for the computer resource. 
Try playing the file on another video player.Sound issue
There is no sound.
Check the connection of the audio cable or adjust the volume.
Check the volume.
The volume is too low.
Adjust the volume.
If the volume is still low after turning it up to the maximum level, adjust the volume on your PC sound 
card or software program.
Source device issue
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is booting.
If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is booting, have your PC serviced.
 ―The LED lights on the frame of the product may be seen depending on the user's viewing angle. The light is 
harmless to people and has no bearing on product features and performance. The product is safe to use.38Q & A
 ―Refer to the user manual for your PC or graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.
How can I change the frequency?
Set the frequency on your graphics card.
 •Windows XP: Go to Control Panel   Appearance and Themes   Display   Settings   Advanced   Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
 •Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel   Display   Settings   Advanced   Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
 •Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Personalization   Display Settings   Advanced Settings   Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Display   Screen Resolution   Advanced settings   Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings   Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Display   Screen Resolution   Advanced settings   Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor 
settings .
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings   System   Display   Advanced display settings   Display adapter properties   Monitor , and adjust Screen refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
How can I change the resolution?
 •Windows XP: Go to Control Panel   Appearance and Themes   Display   Settings , and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel   Display   Settings , and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   Display Settings , and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Display   Adjust Resolution , and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings   Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Display   Adjust Resolution , and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings   System   Display   Advanced display settings , and adjust the resolution.
How do I set power-saving mode?
 •Windows XP: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel   Appearance and Themes   Display   Screen Saver Settings   Power options  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows ME/2000: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel   Display   Screen Saver Settings   Power options  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows Vista: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   Screen Saver Settings   Power options  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 7: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   Screen Saver Settings   Power options  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Set power-saving mode in Settings   Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   Screen Saver Settings   Power options  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 10: Set power-saving mode in Settings   Personalization   Lock screen   Screen timeout settings   Power & sleep  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.39SpecificationsChapter  10
General
Model Name U28E570D
Size 28 Class (28.0 Inches / 70.8  cm)
Display area 620.93 mm (H) x 341.28 mm (V)
24.4  Inches (H) x 13.4  Inches (V)
Pixel Pitch 0.16  mm (H) x 0.16  mm (V)
0.006299 Inches (H) x 0.006299 Inches (V)
Maximum Pixel Clock 533.25 MHz (DisplayPort, HDMI)
Power Supply AC 100 - 240 V – (+/- 10%), 50/60 Hz ± 3 Hz
Refer to the label at the back of the product as the standard voltage can vary in different countries.
Signal connectors DisplayPort, HDMI
Environmental conditions Operating
Temperature: 50 F – 104 F (10 C – 40 C) / Humidity: 10% – 80%, non-condensing
Storage
Temperature: -4 F – 113 F (-20 C – 45 C) / Humidity: 5% – 95%, non-condensing
 ―Plug-and-Play
This monitor can be installed and used with any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. Two-way data exchange between the monitor and PC system optimizes the monitor settings. Monitor installation takes place automatically. 
However, you can customize the installation settings if desired.
 ―Panel Dots (Pixels)
Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) may be brighter or darker on the LCD panel. This does not affect product performanc e.
 ―The above specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 ―This device is a Class B digital apparatus.
(USA only)
Dispose unwanted electronics through an approved recycler.
To find the nearest recycling location, go to our website:
www.samsung.com/recyclingdirect or call, (877) 278 - 079940Standard Signal Mode Table
Model Name U28E570D
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30 – 135 kHz (DisplayPort)
30 – 90 kHz (HDMI1)
30 – 135 kHz (HDMI2)
Vertical Frequency 56 – 75 Hz (DisplayPort)
24 – 75 Hz (HDMI1/HDMI2)
Resolution Optimum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort)
3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)
3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)
Maximum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort)
3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)
3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)
If a signal that belongs to the following standard signal modes is transmitted from your PC, the screen will automatically be adjusted. If the signal transmitted from the PC does not belong to the standard signal 
modes, the screen may be blank even though the power LED turns on. In such a case, change the settings according to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manu al.
Displayport
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 37 .879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57 .284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-41Displayport
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67 .500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67 .500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160RB 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-
HDMI1
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37 .879 60.317 40.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57 .284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+42HDMI1
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA, 1152 x 864 67 .500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67 .500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160 67 .500 30.000 297.000 +/+
HDMI2
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37 .879 60.317 40.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57 .284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67 .500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-43HDMI2
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67 .500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160RB 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-
 ―Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is measured in 
kHz.
 ―Vertical Frequency
Repeating the same picture dozens of times per second allows you to view natural pictures. The repeat frequency is called "vertical frequency" or "refresh rate" and  is indicated in Hz.
 ―Some resolutions listed in the table above may not be available depending on graphics card specifications.44AppendixChapter  11
Responsibility for the Pay Service  
(Cost to Customers)
 ―When the service is requested, in spite of in warranty, we may charge you for a visit from a service 
technician in the following cases.
Not a product defect
Cleaning of the product, Adjustment, Explanation, Re-installation and etc.
 •If a service technician gives instructions on how to use product or simply adjusts options without 
disassembling product.
 •If a defect is caused by external environmental factors (Internet, Antenna, Wired Signal, etc.)
 •If a product is reinstalled or devices are connected additionally after installing the purchased 
product for the first time.
 •If a product is reinstalled to move to a different spot or to move to a different house.
 •If customer requests instructions on how to use because of another company's product.
 •If customer requests instructions on how to use the network or another company's Program.
 •If customer requests software installation and setup for the product.
 •If a service technician removes/cleans dusts or foreign materials inside of the product.
 •If customer requests an installation additionally after purchasing a product through home-
shopping or online.A Product damage caused by customer's fault
Product damage caused by customer's mishandling or wrong repair
If a product damage is caused by;
 •External impact or drop.
 •Use of supplies or separatly sold product unspecified by Samsung.
 •Repair from a person besides an engineer of outsourcing service company or partner of Samsung 
Electronics Co., Ltd.
 •Remodeling or repairing the product by customer.
 •Using it with incorrect voltage or non-authorised electrical connections.
 •Not following the "cautions" in User Manual.
Others
 •If product fails by natural disaster. (lightning, fire, earthquake, flood damage, etc)
 •If consumable components are all used up. (Battery, Toner, Fluorescent lights, Head, Vibrator, 
Lamp, Filter, Ribbon, etc.)
 ―If customer requests a service in case the product has no defect, service fee may be charged. So please 
read User Manual first.LFD DISPLAY
User Manual
The colour and the appearance may differ depending on the product, 
and the specifications are subject to change without prior notice to improve the performance.
Recommended hours of use per day of this product is under 16 hours.If the product is used for longer than 16 hours a day, the warranty may 
be void.
UE46D UE55DDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table of contents
Before Using the Product
 »Copyright
 »Safety Precautions
Preparations
 »Checking the Components
 »Parts
 »Before Installing the Product (Installation Guide)
 »Dimensions
 »Using the COVER-JACK
 »Installing the Wall Mount
 »Preparations before installing a videowall
 »Remote Control (RS232C)
Connecting and Using a Source Device
 »Before Connecting
 »Connecting to a PC
 »Connecting to a Video Device
 »Connecting to an Audio System
 »Connecting the LAN Cable
 »Connecting the network box (Sold separately)
 »Changing the Input sourceUsing MDC
 »MDC Programme Installation/Uninstallation
 »Connecting to MDC
Home feature
 »Player
 »Schedule
 »Template
 »Clone Product
 »ID Settings
 »Video Wall
 »Network Status
 »Picture Mode
 »On/Off Timer
 »Ticker
 »More settings
 »URL LauncherScreen Adjustment
 »Picture Mode
 »Backlight / Contrast / Brightness / Sharpness / Colour / 
Tint (G/R)
 »Colour Temperature
 »White Balance
 »Gamma
 »Calibrated value
 »Advanced Settings
 »Picture Options
 »Picture Size
 »Auto Adjustment
 »PC Screen Adjustment
 »Picture Off
 »Reset Picture
OnScreen Display
 »PIP
 »Rotation
 »Screen Protection
 »Message Display
 »Menu Transparency
 »Menu Language
 »Reset OnScreen Display
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table of contents
Sound Adjustment
 »Sound Mode
 »Sound Effect
 »HDMI Sound
 »Sound on Video Call
 »Speaker Settings
 »Auto Volume
 »Reset Sound
Network
 »Network Status
 »Network Settings
 »Wi-Fi Direct
 »Multimedia Device Settings
 »Screen Mirroring
 »Server Network Settings
 »Device Name
System
 »Setup
 »Touch Control
 »Time
 »Auto Source Switching »Power Control
 »Eco Solution
 »Temperature Control
 »Device Manager
 »Play via
 »Change PIN
 »General
 »Reset System
Support
 »Software Update
 »Contact Samsung
 »Go to Home
 »Reset All
Playing photos, videos and music 
(Media Play)
 »Features provided in the media content list page
 »Available buttons and features during photo playback
 »Available buttons and features during video playback
 »Available buttons and features during music playback
 »Supported Subtitle and Media play file formatsTroubleshooting Guide
 »Requirements Before Contacting Samsung Customer 
Service Centre
 »Q & A
Specifications
 »General
 »PowerSaver
 »Preset Timing Modes
Appendix
 »Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to Customers)
 »WEEE
 »Optimum Picture Quality and Afterimage Burn-in 
Prevention
 »Licence
 »Terminology
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Before Using the Product
Copyright
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
© 2014 Samsung Electronics
Samsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.
Use or reproduction of this manual in parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is prohibited.Microsoft, Windows are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.VESA, DPM and DDC are registered trademarks of the Video Electronics Standards Association.Ownership of all other trademarks is attributed to their due owner.
 • An administration fee may be charged if either
 -(a) an engineer is called out at your request and there is no defect in the product
(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
 -(b) you bring the unit to a repair centre and there is no defect in the product(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
 • The amount of such administration charge will be advised to you before any work or home visit is carried out.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Safety Precautions
Caution
RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN
Caution : TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER. (OR BACK)THERE ARE NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE.REFER ALL SERVICING TO QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
This symbol indicates that high voltage is present inside.It is dangerous to make any kind of contact with any internal part of this product.
This symbol alerts you that important literature concerning operation and maintenance has been 
included with this product.
Symbols
Warning
A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
Caution
Personal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are not followed.
Activities marked by this symbol are prohibited.
Instructions marked by this symbol must be followed.Cleaning
 ―Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched.
 ―Take the following steps when cleaning.
 ―The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
1 Power off the product and computer.
2 Disconnect the power cord from the product.
 ―Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet 
hands. Otherwise, an electric shock may result.
!3 Wipe the product with a clean, soft and dry cloth.
 • Do not use detergents that contain alcohol, solvent or 
surface-active agents.
 • Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4 Wet a soft and dry cloth in water and wring thoroughly to clean the 
exterior of the product.
5 Connect the power cord to the product when cleaning is finished.
6 Power on the product and computer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Storage
Due to the characteristics of high-glossy products, using a UV humidifier nearby may create  
white-coloured stains on the product.
 ―Contact Customer Service Centre if the inside of the product needs cleaning (service fee will be 
charged).
Electricity and Safety
 ―The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
Warning
Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
 • An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not use multiple products with a single power socket.
 • Overheated power sockets may cause a fire.
Do not touch the power plug with wet hands. Otherwise, an electric shock 
may result.
!Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
 • An unsecure connection may cause a fire.!Connect the power plug to a grounded power socket  
(type 1 insulated devices only).
 • An electric shock or injury may result.
Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Be careful not to leave the 
power cord under a heavy object.
 • Damage to the cord may result in a fire or electric shock.
Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
!Clean any dust around the pins of the power plug or the power socket with 
a dry cloth.
 • A fire may result.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Caution
Do not disconnect the power cord while the product is being used.
 • The product may become damaged by an electric shock.
!Only use the power cord provided with your product by Samsung. Do not 
use the power cord with other products.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
!Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed.
 • The power cord must be disconnected to cut off power to the product 
when an issue occurs.
 • Note that the product is not completely powered down by using only the power button on the remote.
!Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket.
 • An electric shock or fire may result.Installation
Warning
DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT REPELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP OF 
THE PRODUCT. DO NOT INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
 • A fire may result.
!Have a technician install the wall-mount hanger.
 • Installation by an unqualified person can result in an injury.
 • Only use approved cabinets.
Do not install the product in poorly ventilated spaces such as a bookcase or 
closet.
 • An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.
!Install the product at least 10cm away from the wall to allow ventilation.
 • An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.
!Keep the plastic packaging out of the reach of children.
 • Children may suffocate.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Do not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, 
sloped surface, etc.)
 • The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 • Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the 
product or cause a fire.
!Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water drips, etc.), oil, or smoke.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a 
stove.
 • The product lifespan may be reduced or a fire may result.
Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
 • The product may fall and injure children.
 • As the front is heavy, install the product on a flat and stable surface.
Edible oil, such as soybean oil, can damage or deform the product. Do not 
install the product in a kitchen or near a kitchen counter.Caution
!Do not drop the product while moving.
 • Product failure or personal injury may result.
Do not set down the product on its front.
 • The screen may become damaged.
When installing the product on a cabinet or shelf, make sure that the 
bottom edge of the front of the product is not protruding.
 • The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 • Install the product only on cabinets or shelves of the right size.
!Set down the product gently.
 • Product failure or personal injury may result.
SAMSUNG
!Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine 
dust, chemical substances, extreme temperatures or a significant presence of moisture, or a place where the product will operate continuously for an extended period of time) may seriously affect its performance.
 • Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Centre if you want to install the product at such a place.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Operation
Warning
There is a high voltage inside the product. Never disassemble, repair or 
modify the product yourself.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
 • Contact Samsung Customer Service Centre for repairs.
!Before moving the product, turn off the power switch and disconnect the 
power cable and all other connected cables.
 • Otherwise, the power cord may be damaged and a fire or electric 
shock may result.
!If the product generates abnormal sounds, a burning smell or smoke, disconnect the power cord immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 • An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
 • Children may become injured or seriously harmed.
If the product is dropped or the outer case is damaged, turn off the power 
switch and disconnect the power cord. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 • Continued use can result in a fire or electric shock.Do not leave heavy objects or items that children like (toys, sweets, etc.) on 
top of the product.
 • The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toys or sweets resulting in a serious injury.
!During a lightning or thunderstorm, power off the product and remove the power cable.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
!Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.
Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 • Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result from a damaged cable.
!GASIf a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, 
ventilate the area immediately.
 • Sparks can cause an explosion or fire.
Do not lift or move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 • Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result from a damaged cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  !Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near 
the product.
 • An explosion or fire may result.
Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
 • An increased internal temperature may cause a fire.
100Do not insert metallic objects (chopsticks, coins, hairpins, etc) or objects 
that burn easily (paper, matches, etc) into the product (via the vent or input/
output ports, etc).
 • Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 • Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result.
Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic 
objects on top of the product.
 • Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.
 • Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result.Caution
!
Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of 
time may cause afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
 • Activate power-saving mode or a moving-picture screen saver if you will not be using the product for an extended period of time.
-_-
!Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the product for an extended period of time (vacation, etc).
 • Dust accumulation combined with heat can cause a fire, electric shock or electric leakage.
!Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
 • Your eyesight may deteriorate.
Do not hold the product upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
 • The product may fall and become damaged or cause an injury.
!Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can 
deteriorate your eyesight.
Do not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
 • A fire or electric shock may result.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  !Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes for every 1 hour of product use.
 • Eye fatigue will be relieved.
Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an 
extended period of time as it will become hot.
!Store small accessories out of the reach of children.
!Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle or stand height.
 • Your hand or finger may get stuck and injured.
 • Tilting the product at an excessive angle may cause the product to fall 
and an injury may result.
Do not place heavy objects on the product.
 • Product failure or personal injury may result.
When using headphones or earphones, do not turn the volume too high.
 • Having the sound too loud may damage your hearing.Be careful that children do not place the battery in their mouths when 
removed from the remote control. Place the battery in a location that children or infants cannot reach.
 • If children have had the battery in their mouths, consult your doctor immediately.
When replacing the battery, insert it with the right polarity (+, -).
 • Otherwise, the battery may become damaged or it may cause fire, personal injury or damage due to leakage of the internal liquid.
!Use only the specified standardized batteries, and do not use a new battery 
and a used battery at the same time.
 • Otherwise, the batteries may be damaged or cause fire, personal injury or damage due to a leakage of the internal liquid.
!The batteries (and rechargeable batteries) are not ordinary refuse and must 
be returned for recycling purposes. The customer is responsible for returning the used or rechargeable batteries for recycling.
 • The customer can return used or rechargeable batteries to a nearby public recycling centre or to a store selling the same type of the battery or rechargeable battery.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Preparations
 -Contact the vendor where you 
purchased the product if any components are missing.
 -The appearance of the components and items sold separately may differ from the image shown.Components
 ―Components may differ in different locations.


Quick setup guideWarranty card
(Not available in some locations)Batteries(Not available in some locations)Remote Control
Power cord DP cable RS232C(IN) adapter External remote control sensor
COVER-JACK Holder-Align Holder-Half Align Screw(M3L8, 1EA)(M4L8, 4EA)Checking the ComponentsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Items sold separately
 -The following items can be purchased 
at your nearest retailer.
Wall-mount Kit Stand DVI cable HDMI-DVI cable Network Box
HDMI cable D-SUB cable Stereo cable Component cable RCA stereo cable
RCA cable AV/Component adapter AUDIO adapter Video cable LAN cable
DP-DVI cable
(Used to connect a network 
box)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Parts
Control Panel
POWER
Panel KeySpeaker ―The colour and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to 
improve quality.
Panel Key
Buttons Description
Power on the product.
If you press the 
  button when the product is turned on, the control menu will be 
displayed.
 ―To exit the OSD menu, press and hold the panel key for at least one second.
Move to the upper or lower menu. You can also adjust the value of an option.
Move to the left or right menu.
 ―You can adjust the volume by moving the panel key left or right when the control 
menu is not displayed.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   ―If you press the 
  button on the panel key when the product is turned on, the 
control menu will be displayed.
Control menu
ReturnButtons Description
SourceSelect the connected input source.
Move the panel key right to select Source   in the control menu. When the list of 
input sources is displayed, move the panel key left or right to select the desired input 
source. Next, press the panel key.
MENUDisplay the OSD menu.
Move the panel key left to select menu  in the control menu. The OSD control 
screen will appear. Move the panel key right to select the desired menu. You can 
select a sub-menu item by moving the panel key up, down, left, or right. To change settings, select the desired menu and press the panel key.
HomeEnter Home mode.
Move the panel key up to select Home  in the control menu.
Power offPower off the product.Move the panel key down to select Power off 
 in the control menu. Next, press 
the panel key.
Return Exit the control menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reverse Side
 ―The colour and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are 
subject to change without notice to improve quality.
Port Description
RS232C IN Connects to MDC using an RS232C-stereo adapter.
RS232C OUT
IR / AMBIENT SENSOR IN Supplies power to the external sensor board or receives the light sensor signal.
 ―This product is not equipped with an internal remote control sensor. To use a 
remote control, connect the external remote control sensor provided in the 
package.
RGB / DVI / HDMI / AV / 
COMPONENT / AUDIO INReceives sound from a PC via an audio cable.
AUDIO OUT Connects to the audio of a source device.
SD CARD Connect to an SD memory card.
USB Connect to a USB memory device.
DVI / MAGICINFO IN DVI IN: Connects to a source device using a DVI cable or HDMI-DVI cable.
MAGICINFO IN: To use MagicInfo, make sure to connect the DP-DVI cable.
DP IN Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
HDMI IN Connects to a source device using an HDMI cable.
RGB IN Connects to a source device using a D-SUB cable.
DP OUT Connects to another product using a DP cable.
AV IN / COMPONENT IN Connects to a source device using the AV/Component adapter.
IR OUT Receives the remote control signal via the external sensor board and outputs the signal 
via LOOP OUT.
RJ45 Connects to MDC using a LAN cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Anti-theft Lock
 ―An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places.
 ―The locking device shape and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user guide 
provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 ―The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
To lock an anti-theft locking device:
1 Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object such as a desk.
2 Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3 Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4 Lock the locking device.
 -An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
 -Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 -Anti-theft locking devices can be purchased at electronics retailers or online.Spacer logo
Do not pull on the spacer logo using force. The logo may tear or break off.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   -Remote control button functions may 
differ for different products.
 -Remove batteries when the remote control is not to be used for an extended period of time.
 -Using other display devices in the same space as the remote control of this product can cause the other display devices to be inadvertently controlled.
 -Buttons without descriptions in the image are not supported.Remote Control
Use the remote control within 7m to 10m from the sensor on the product at an angle of 30  from the left and right.
 ―Store used batteries out of reach of children and recycle.
 ―Do not use a new and used battery together. Replace both batteries at the same time.
 ―This product is not equipped with an internal remote control sensor. To use a remote control, connect the external remote control sensor provided in the package.
HOMEMENUPOWER
OFF
VOL
 MagicInfo
Player I.QZ
1ABC
2DEF
3
GHI
4JKL
5MNO
6
SYMBOL
0PRS
7TUV
8WXY
9
MUTE
SOURCE
CHDEL-/--CH LISTPower off the product.
Number buttons
Enter the password in the OSD menu.
Mute the sound.
Unmuting the sound: Press MUTE again or press 
the volume control(+ VOL -) button.
Go to Home Launch Button.Player Launch Button.
The buttons can vary according to the Play via 
settings.Power on the product.
Adjust the volume.
Change the input source.
Display or hide the onscreen display menu, or 
return to the previous menu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  TOOLS INFO
SET UNSET LOCKPC
ADVI
BHDMI
C
DP
DEXIT RETURN
IR controlDisplay information about the current input 
source.
Move to the upper, lower, left or right menu, or 
adjust an option's setting.
Confirm a menu selection.
Exit the current menu.
Manually select a connected input source from  
PC, DVI , HDMI, or DisplayPort.
It sets safe lock function.
Used in Anynet+ mode and multimedia mode.Quickly select frequently used functions.
Return to the previous menu.
If multiple products are connected through the 
Video Wall feature, press the SET button and 
enter a product ID using the number buttons.
Control the product using the remote control.
Cancel a value that has been set using the SET 
button and control all connected products using 
the remote control.
 -Remote control button functions may 
differ for different products.
To place batteries in the remote control
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection Using an IR Stereo Cable  
(sold separately)
Turn off the device before connecting the External Sensor Kit. After it is connected, 
turn on the device.
Controlling more than one display product using 
your remote control
 • Connect the IR OUT port on the product to the IR / AMBIENT SENSOR IN 
port on the other display product using the dedicated stereo cable.
 • A command sent from the remote control pointed at product 1 will be 
received by both display products 1 and 2.
 ―The appearance may differ depending on the product.1 2
IR OUT IR / AMBIENT
SENSOR IN
Controlling more than one display product using an external sensor kit
 • A command sent from the remote control pointed at product 1 (to 
which the external sensor kit is connected) will be received by both display 
products 1 and 2.
 ―The appearance may differ depending on the product.
1 2
IR OUT IR / AMBIENT
SENSOR INIR / AMBIENTSENSOR IN
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Before Installing the Product 
(Installation Guide)
15˚To prevent injury, this apparatus must be securely attached to the floor/wall in accordance with the installation instructions.
 • Ensure that an authorized installation company installs the wall mount.
 • Otherwise, it may fall and cause personal injury.
 • Make sure to install the specified wall mount.
Tilting Angle and Rotation
 ―Contact Samsung Customer Service Centre for further details.
 • The product can be tilted at a maximum angle of 15  from a perpendicular wall surface.
 • To use the product in portrait orientation, rotate the product clockwise until the spacer logo faces down.
A
B
Figure 1.1 Side viewVentilation
Installation on a Perpendicular Wall
A Minimum 40 mm
B Ambient temperature: Under 35 C
 • When installing the product on a perpendicular wall, allow at least 40 mm of space between the product and wall surface 
for ventilation and ensure that the ambient A temperature is kept below 35 C.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  AB
C
EFigure 1.3 Side view
D D
Figure 1.2 Side viewInstallation on an Indented Wall
 ―Contact Samsung Customer Service Centre for further details.
Plane view
A Minimum 40 mm
B Minimum 70 mmC Minimum 50 mmD Minimum 50 mm
E Ambient temperature: Under 35
C
 ―When installing the product on an indented wall, allow at least the space specified above between the product and wall for 
ventilation and ensure that the ambient temperature is kept below 35 C.
Dimensions
1
2
345Unit: mm (inches)
Model name 1 12 23 43 45
UE46D 1030.9 (40.6) 1019.6 (40.1) 574.4 (22.6) 585.4 (23.0) 31.3 (1.2)
UE55D 1222.4 (48.1) 1211.4 (47.7) 682.2 (26.9) 693.2 (27.3) 31.3 (1.2)
 ―All drawings are not necessarily to scale. Some dimensions are subject to change without prior notice.
Refer to the dimensions prior to performing installation of your product. Not responsible for typographical or printed errors.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using the COVER-JACK
To prevent theft of the SD memory card or any other USB device, install the COVER-JACK.
 ―The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the images.
 ―When using a DVI cable, make sure to cut off the side of the COVER-JACK first.
 ―Cut out the Cover-Jack according to the DVI cable size before use.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Installing the Wall Mount Installing the Wall Mount Kit
The wall mount kit (sold separately) allows you to mount the product on the wall.
For detailed information on installing the wall mount, see the instructions provided with the wall mount.We recommend you contact a technician for assistance when installing the wall mount bracket.Samsung Electronics is not responsible for any damage to the product or injury to yourself or others if you elect to install the 
wall mount on your own.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Wall Mount Kit Specifications (VESA)
 ―Install your wall mount on a solid wall perpendicular to the floor. Before 
attaching the wall mount to surfaces other than plaster board, please contact 
your nearest dealer for additional information.
If you install the product on a slanted wall, it may fall and result in severe 
personal injury. • Samsung wall mount kits contain a detailed installation manual and all parts necessary for assembly are provided.
 • Do not use screws that are longer than the standard length or do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications. Screws that are too long may cause damage to the inside of the product.
 • For wall mounts that do not comply with the VESA standard screw specifications, the length of the screws may differ depending on the wall mount specifications.
 • Do not fasten the screws too firmly. This may damage the product or cause the product to fall, leading to personal injury. Samsung is not liable for these kinds of accidents.
 • Samsung is not liable for product damage or personal injury when a non-VESA or non-specified wall mount is used or the consumer fails to follow the product installation instructions.
 • Do not mount the product at more than a 15 degree tilt.
 • Always have two people mount the product on a wall.
 • Standard dimensions for wall mount kits are shown in the table below.
Unit: mm (inches)
Model name VESA screw hole 
specs (A * B) in millimetersStandard Screw Quantity
UE46D
400 × 400 (15.7 × 15.7) M8 4
UE55D
 ―Do not install your Wall Mount Kit while your product is turned on. It may result in personal injury due to electric shock.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Preparations before installing a videowall
Align the sets using the Holder-Align and Holder-Half Align.
Installing a videowall
Attach the Holder-Align at the spot where the corners of the four products meet in the middle of the videowall (make sure the word TOP  is shown at the top).
 • Adjust the Holder-Align so that the bezels of the products align.
Attach the Holder-Half Align at the spot where the corners of the two products meet on the side of the videowall.
 ―The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the images.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Remote Control (RS232C)
Cable Connection
RS232C Cable
Interface RS232C (9 pins)
Pin TxD (No.2), RxD (No.3), GND (No.5)
Bit rate 9600 bps
Data bits 8 bit
Parity None
Stop bit 1 bit
Flow control None
Maximum length 15 m (only shielded type) • Pin assignment
12 3 4 5
6 7 8 9
Pin Signal
1 Detect data carrier
2 Received data
3 Transmitted data
4 Prepare data terminal
5 Signal ground
6 Prepare data set
7 Send request
8 Clear to send
9 Ring indicatorDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   • RS232C cable
Connector: 9-Pin D-Sub to Stereo Cable
15 9
61
1
-P1- -P1- -P2- -P2-
Female Rx
TxGnd235--------><------------------325TxRxGndSTEREOPLUG(3.5ø)LAN Cable
 • Pin assignment
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
Pin No Standard Colour Signal
1 White and orange TX+
2 Orange TX-
3 White and green RX+
4 Blue NC
5 White and blue NC
6 Green RX-
7 White and brown NC
8 Brown NCDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   • Connector : RJ45
Direct LAN cable (PC to HUB)
RJ45 RJ45 MDC
HUB
P1P1 P2
P2
Signal P1 P2 Signal
TX+ 1 <--------> 1 TX+
TX- 2 <--------> 2 TX-
RX+ 3 <--------> 3 RX+
RX- 6 <--------> 6 RX-Cross LAN cable (PC to PC)
RJ45 P1 P2
Signal P1 P2 Signal
TX+ 1 <--------> 3 RX+
TX- 2 <--------> 6 RX-
RX+ 3 <--------> 1 TX+
RX- 6 <--------> 2 TX-Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection
 • Connection 1
RS232C
IN OUTRS232C
IN OUTRS232C
IN OUTRS232C
IN OUT • Connection 2
RJ45
 RJ45
 • Connection 3
RS232C
OUTRJ45
 RS232C
IN OUTRS232C
IN OUTRS232C
IN OUT
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Control Codes
Viewing control state (Get control command)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA Command type 0
Controlling (Set control command)
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA Command type 1 Value
Command
No. Command type Command Value range
1 Power control 0x11 0~1
2 Volume control 0x12 0~100
3 Input source control 0x14 -
4 Screen mode control 0x18 -
5 Screen size control 0x19 0~255
6 PIP on/off control 0x3C 0~1
7 Auto adjustment control (PC and 
BNC only)0x3D 0
8 Video wall mode control 0x5C 0~1
9 Safety Lock 0x5D 0~1No. Command type Command Value range
10 Video Wall On 0x84 0~1
11 Video Wall User Control 0x89 -
 • All communications take place in hexadecimals. The checksum is calculated by adding up all 
values except the header. If a checksum adds up to be more than 2 digits as shown below (11+FF+01+01=112), the first digit is removed.
E.g. Power On & ID=0
Header Command ID Data length Data 1 Checksum
0xAA 0x11 1 "Power"
Header Command ID Data length Data 1 12
0xAA 0x11 1 1
 • To control all devices connected by a serial cable simultaneously irrespective of IDs, set the ID as "0xFE" and transmit commands. Commands will be executed by each device but ACK will not respond.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power control
 • Function
A product can be powered on and off using a PC.
 • Viewing power state (Get Power ON / OFF Status)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x11 0
 • Setting power ON/Off (Set Power ON / OFF)
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA 0x11 1 "Power"
"Power": Power code to be set on a product.
1: Power ON0: Power OFF
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x11 "Power"
"Power": Power code to be set on a product.
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'N' 0x11 "ERR"
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurred.Volume control
 • Function
The volume of a product can be adjusted using a PC.
 • Viewing volume state (Get Volume Status)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x12 0
 • Setting the volume (Set Volume)
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA 0x12 1 "Volume"
"Volume": Volume value code to be set on a product. (0-100)
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x12 "Volume"
"Volume": Volume value code to be set on a product. (0-100)
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'N' 0x12 "ERR"
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurred.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Input source control
 • Function
The input source of a product can be changed using a PC.
 • Viewing input source state (Get Input Source Status)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x14 0
 • Setting the input source (Set Input Source)
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA 0x14 1 "Input Source"
"Input Source": An input source code to be set on a product.
0x14 PC
0x18 DVI
0x0C Input source
0x08 Component
0x20 MagicInfo
0x1F DVI_video
0x30 RF(TV)
0x40 DTV
0x21 HDMI1
0x22 HDMI1_PC
0x23 HDMI20x24 HDMI2_PC
0x25 DisplayPort
 ―DVI_video, HDMI1_PC and HDMI2_PC cannot be used with the Set command. They only respond to 
"Get" commands.
 ―This model does not support HDMI1, HDMI1_PC, HDMI2 and HDMI2_PC ports.
 ―MagicInfo is only available with models that contain the MagicInfo function.
 ―RF(TV), DTV are only available with models that include a TV.
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x14 "Input 
Source"
"Input Source": An input source code to be set on a product.
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'N' 0x14 "ERR"
"ERR" : A code showing what error has occurred.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen mode control
 • Function
The screen mode of a product can be changed using a PC.
Screen mode cannot be controlled when the Video Wall function is enabled.
 ―This control can only be used on models that include a TV.
 • Viewing screen status (Get Screen Mode Status)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x18 0
 • Setting the picture size (Set Picture Size)
Header Command ID Data 
lengthData Checksum
0xAA 0x18 1 "Screen Mode"
"Screen Mode": A code that sets the product status
0x01 16 : 9
0x04 Zoom
0x31 Wide Zoom
0x0B 4 : 3
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x18 "Screen Mode"
"Screen Mode": A code that sets the product status • Nak
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'N' 0x18 "ERR"
"ERR": A code showing what error has occurred
Screen size control
 • Function
The screen size of a product can be changed using a PC.
 • Viewing the screen size (Get Screen Size Status)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x19 0
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data 
lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x19 "Screen Size"
"Screen Size": product screen size (range: 0 – 255, unit: inch)
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'N' 0x19 "ERR"
"ERR": A code showing what error has occurredDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  PIP On/Off control
 • Function
The PIP mode of a product can be turned on or off using a PC.
 ―Only available on models that have the PIP function.
 ―The mode cannot be controlled if Video Wall is set to On .
 ―This function is not available in MagicInfo.
 • Viewing PIP on/off state (Get the PIP ON / OFF Status)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x3C 0
 • Setting PIP on/off (Set the PIP ON / OFF)
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA 0x3C 1 "PIP"
"PIP": A code used to turn the PIP mode of a product on or off
1: PIP ON0: PIP OFF
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data 
lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x3C "PIP"
"PIP": A code used to turn the PIP mode of a product on or off
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x3C "PIP"
"ERR": A code showing what error has occurredAuto adjustment control (PC and BNC only)
 • Function
Automatically adjust the PC system screen using a PC.
 • Viewing auto adjustment state (Get Auto Adjustment Status)None
 • Setting auto adjustment (Set Auto Adjustment)
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA 0x3D 1 "Auto 
Adjustment"
"Auto Adjustment" : 0x00 (at all times)
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x3D "Auto Adjustment"
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x3D "ERR"
"ERR": A code showing what error has occurredDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Wall Mode Control
 • Function
Video Wall mode can be activated on a product using a PC.
This control is only available on a product whose Video Wall is enabled.
 • Viewing video wall mode (Get Video Wall Mode)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x5C 0
 • Setting the video wall (Set Video Wall Mode)
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA 0x5C 1 "Video Wall Mode"
"Video Wall Mode": A code used to activate Video Wall mode on a product
1: Full0: Natural
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data 
lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x5C "Video Wall Mode"
"Video Wall Mode": A code used to activate Video Wall mode on a product
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x5C "ERR"
"ERR": A code showing what error has occurredSafety Lock
 • Function
PC can be used to turn the Safety Lock function on or off on a product.
This control is available regardless of whether or not the power is turned on.
 • Viewing the safety lock state (Get Safety Lock Status)
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x5D 0
 • Enabling or disabling safety lock (Set Safety Lock Enable / Disable)
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA 0x5D 1 "Safety Lock"
"Safety Lock": Safety lock code to be set on a product
1: ON0: OFF
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data 
lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x5D "Safety Lock"
"Safety Lock": Safety lock code to be set on a product
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data lengthAck/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'N' 0x5D "ERR"
"ERR": A code showing what error has occurredDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Wall On
 • Function
Turn Video Wall on or off on the product from your computer.
 • Get Video Wall On/Off Status
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x84 0
 • Set Video Wall On/Off
Header Command ID Data length Data Checksum
0xAA 0x84 1 V.Wall_On
 • V.Wall_On: Video Wall code to be assigned to the product
1: Video Wall ON
0: Video Wall OFF
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'A' 0x84 V.Wall_
On
V.Wall_On : Same as above • Nak
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'N' 0x84 ERR
"ERR": A code showing what error has occurred
Video Wall User Control
 • Function
Turn the Video Wall function on or off on the product from your computer.
 • Get Video Wall Status
Header Command ID Data length Checksum
0xAA 0x89 0
 • Set Video Wall
Header Command ID Data length Val1 Val2 Checksum
0xAA 0x89 2 Wall_Div Wall_SNo
Wall_Div: Video Wall Divider code assigned to the productDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10x10 Video Wall Model
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
Off 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00 0x00
1 0x11 0x12 0x13 0x14 0x15 0x16 0x17 0x18 0x19 0x1A 0x1B 0x1C 0x1D 0x1E 0x1F
2 0x21 0x22 0x23 0x24 0x25 0x26 0x27 0x28 0x29 0x2A 0x2B 0x2C 0x2D 0x2E 0x2F
3 0x31 0x32 0x33 0x34 0x35 0x36 0x37 0x38 0x39 0x3A 0x3B 0x3C 0x3D 0x3E 0x3F
4 0x41 0x42 0x43 0x44 0x45 0x46 0x47 0x48 0x49 0x4A 0x4B 0x4C 0x4D 0x4E 0x4F
5 0x51 0x52 0x53 0x54 0x55 0x56 0x57 0x58 0x59 0x5A 0x5B 0x5C 0x5D 0x5E 0x5F
6 0x61 0x62 0x63 0x64 0x65 0x66 0x67 0x68 0x69 0x6A 0x6B 0x6C 0x6D 0x6E 0x6F
7 0x71 0x72 0x73 0x74 0x75 0x76 0x77 0x78 0x79 0x7A 0x7B 0x7C 0x7D 0x7E N/A
8 0x81 0x82 0x83 0x84 0x85 0x86 0x87 0x88 0x89 0x8A 0x8B 0x8C N/A N/A N/A
9 0x91 0x92 0x93 0x94 0x95 0x96 0x97 0x98 0x99 0x9A 0x9B N/A N/A N/A N/A
10 0xA1 0xA2 0xA3 0xA4 0xA5 0xA6 0xA7 0xA8 0xA9 0xAA N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
11 0xB1 0xB2 0xB3 0xB4 0xB5 0xB6 0xB7 0xB8 0xB9 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
12 0xC1 0xC2 0xC3 0xC4 0xC5 0xC6 0xC7 0xC8 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
13 0xD1 0xD2 0xD3 0xD4 0xD5 0xD6 0xD7 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
14 0xE1 0xE2 0xE3 0xE4 0xE5 0xE6 0xE7 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A
15 0xF1 0xF2 0xF3 0xF4 0xF5 0xF6 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/ADownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Wall_SNo: Product Number code assigned to the product
10x10 Video Wall Model : ( 1 ~ 100)
Set Number Data
1 0x01
2 0x02
... ...
99 0x63
100 0x64
 • Ack
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Val2 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 4 'A' 0x89 Wall_Div Wall_SNo
 • Nak
Header Command ID Data length Ack/Nak r-CMD Val1 Checksum
0xAA 0xFF 3 'N' 0x89 ERR
"ERR": A code showing what error has occurredDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting and Using a Source Device
Before Connecting
Pre-connection Checkpoints
 ―Before connecting a source device, read the user manual provided with it.
The number and locations of ports on source devices may differ from device to device.
 ―Do not connect the power cable until all connections are completed.
Connecting the power cable during connection may damage the product.
 ―Connect the sound ports correctly: left = white and right = red.
 ―Check the types of ports at the back of the product you want to connect.Connecting to a PC
 • Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables.
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 • A PC can be connected to the product in a variety of ways.Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
Connection using the D-SUB cable (Analogue type)
RGB IN
RGB / DVI / HDMI / AV / COMPONENT 
/ AUDIO INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection using a DVI cable (Digital type)
DVI IN /
MAGICINFO IN
RGB / DVI / HDMI / AV / COMPONENT / AUDIO INConnection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable
 ―When you connect a PC to the product using an HDMI-DVI cable, set Edit Name to DVI PC to access 
video and audio content stored on the PC.
HDMI IN
RGB / DVI / HDMI / AV / COMPONENT 
/ AUDIO INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection Using an HDMI Cable
HDMI INConnection Using an DP Cable
DP IN
 • Precautions for using DP
 ―To increase the standby power capacity, the product stops DP communication when it is turned 
off or in power-saving mode.
If the product in dual monitor mode is turned off or goes into power-saving mode, monitor 
setting changes may not be updated. As a result, screen output may not be displayed properly.
In the occurrence of this issue, set Max. Power Saving to Off before using the product.
 ―Some graphics cards that are not compliant with the DP standard may prevent the Windows 
Booting/Bios screen from being displayed when the product is in power-saving mode. If this is 
the case, make sure to turn on the product first before turning on your PC.
 ―The DisplayPort interface (DP IN) on the product and the provided DP cable are designed based 
on the VESA standards. Using a DP cable that is not VESA compliant may cause the product to function improperly. Samsung Electronics shall not be held responsible for any issues from using a cable that is not VESA compliant.
Make sure to use a DP cable that is VESA compliant.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting to a Video Device
 • Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables.
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 • You can connect a video device to the product using a cable.
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 ―Press the SOURCE button on the remote control to change the source.
Connection Using the AV Cable
AV IN / COMPONENT IN
RGB / DVI / HDMI / AV / COMPONENT 
/ AUDIO INConnection Using the component Cable
AV IN / COMPONENT IN
RGB / DVI / HDMI / AV / COMPONENT / AUDIO INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection Using an HDMI-DVI Cable
 ―Audio will not be enabled if the product is connected to a video device using an HDMI-DVI cable. To 
resolve this, additionally connect an audio cable to the audio ports on the product and video device. 
When you connect a video device to the product using an HDMI-DVI cable, set Edit Name to DVI 
Devices to access video and audio content stored on the video device.
 ―Supported resolutions include 1080p (50/60Hz), 720p (50/60Hz), 480p, and 576p.
HDMI IN
RGB / DVI / HDMI / AV / COMPONENT 
/ AUDIO INConnection Using an HDMI Cable
Using an HDMI cable or HDMI to DVI Cable (up to 1080p)
 • For better picture and audio quality, connect to a digital device using an HDMI cable.
 • An HDMI cable supports digital video and audio signals, and does not require an audio cable.
 -To connect the product to a digital device that does not support HDMI output, use an HDMI-
DVI and audio cables.
 • The picture may not display normally (if at all) or the audio may not work if an external device that uses an older version of HDMI mode is connected to the product. If such a problem occurs, ask the manufacturer of the external device about the HDMI version and, if out of date, request an upgrade.
 • Be sure to use an HDMI cable with a thickness of 14 mm or less.
 • Be sure to purchase a certified HDMI cable. Otherwise, the picture may not display or a connection error may occur.
 • A basic high-speed HDMI cable or one with ethernet is recommended.
This product does not support the ethernet function via HDMI.
HDMI INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting to an Audio System
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
AUDIO OUTConnecting the LAN Cable
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
RJ45
 • Use Cat7(*STP Type) cable for the connection. 
*Shielded Twist PairDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting the network box (Sold separately)
 ―For details on how to connect to a network box, refer to the user's manual provided with the network box upon purchase.
MagicInfo
To use MagicInfo, a network box (sold separately) must be connected to the product.
 ―To change the MagicInfo settings, run "MagicinfoSetupWizard" on the desktop.
 ―For details on how to use MagicInfo, refer to the DVD provided with the network box.
 ―The information in this section is subject to change without notice for quality improvement.
 ―If a problem occurs after installing an operating system other than the one provided with the network box, restoring the previous version of the operating system, or 
installing software that is not compatible with the operating system provided, you will not be able to benefit from technical support and will be charged a fee for a visit 
from a service technician. A product exchange or refund will also not be available.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Changing the Input source
Source
SOURCE → Source
Source
HDMI
PCPC AV Component Screen Mirroring
To go to Options, press and hold the Enter button.USB
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Source  allows you to select a variety of sources and change source device names.
You can display the screen of a source device connected to the product. Select a source from source list to display the screen 
of the selected source.
 ―The input source can also be changed by using the SOURCE button on the remote control.
 ―The screen may not display correctly if an incorrect source is selected for the source device you want to convert to.
 ―To view detailed information about connected source devices, press the TOOLS button or press and hold the ENTERE 
button from the Source  page.
Edit Name
MENUm → Source  → TOOLS → Edit Name → ENTERE
Sometimes the screen will not display properly unless the name of a source device is specified in Edit Name.
In addition, it is best to rename the source device in Edit Name to obtain optimal picture quality.
 ―The list can include the following source devices. Source  devices on the list differ depending on the selected source.
VCR  / DVD  / Cable STB / Satellite STB / PVR STB / AV Receiver / Game / Camcorder / PC / DVI PC / DVI Devices / TV  / 
IPTV / Blu-ray / HD DVD / DMA
 ―Available settings in the Picture menu depend on the current source and settings made in Edit Name.
 • When connecting a PC to the HDMI terminal, set Edit Name to PC. In other cases, set Edit Name to AV devices.
 • When connecting a PC to the HDMI IN port with HDMI cable, you should set the product to PC mode under Edit Name.
 • When connecting a PC to the HDMI IN port with HDMI to DVI cable, you should set the product to DVI PC mode under 
Edit Name.
 • When connecting an AV devices to the HDMI IN  port with HDMI to DVI cable, you should set the product to DVI Devices  
mode under Edit Name.
Information
MENUm → Source  → TOOLS → Information → ENTERE
You can see detailed information about the selected external device.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using MDC
MDC Programme Installation/Uninstallation
Installation
 ―MDC installation can be affected by the graphics card, mother board and network conditions.
1 Click the MDC Unified installation programme.
2 Select a language for installation. Next, click "OK".
3 When the " Welcome to the InstallShield Wizard for MDC_Unified " screen appears, click " Next ".
4 In the "License Agreement" window displayed, select  
"I accept the terms in the license agreement" and click "Next ".
5 In the displayed "Customer Information" window, fill out all the information fields and click "Next ".
6 In the displayed "Destination Folder" window, select the directory path you want to install the programme in and click "Next ".
 ―If the directory path is not specified, the programme will be installed in the default directory 
path.7 In the displayed "Ready to Install the Program" window, check the directory path to install the programme in and click "Install".
8 Installation progress will be displayed.
9 Click "Finish" in the displayed "InstallShield Wizard Complete" window.
 ―Select "Launch MDC Unified" and click "Finish" to run the MDC programme immediately.
10 The MDC Unified shortcut icon will be created on the desktop after installation.
 ―The MDC execution icon may not be displayed depending on the PC system or product 
specifications.
 ―Press F5 if the execution icon is not displayed.
Uninstallation
1 Select Settings > Control Panel on the Start menu and double-click Add/Delete Program.
2 Select MDC Unified from the list and click Change/Remove.Multiple display control "MDC" is an application that allows you to easily control multiple display devices simultaneously using a PC.
For details on how to use the MDC programme, refer to Help after installing the programme. The MDC programme can be downloaded from the website.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connecting to MDC
Using MDC via RS-232C (serial data communications standards)
An RS-232C serial cable must be connected to the serial ports on the PC and monitor.
RS232C IN RS232C OUTMonitor 1
Monitor 2
ComputerDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using MDC via Ethernet
Enter the IP for the primary display device and connect the device to the PC. Display devices can be connected to each other using a LAN cable.
Connection using a direct LAN cable
 ―Multiple products can be connected using the RJ45 port on the product and the LAN ports on the HUB.
RJ45
HUBMonitor 1
Monitor 2
ComputerDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Connection using a cross LAN cable
 ―Multiple products can be connected using the RS232C IN / OUT port on the product.
Monitor 1
Monitor 2
ComputerRS232C OUT RJ45Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Home feature
 ―To use the Player feature, set Play via to MagicInfo in System .
Play a range of content such as channels with schedules assigned, templates or files.
Play channels or content using any of the following methods.
 • Network Channel: Play content using the server.
 ―To run Network Channel, make sure the product is connected to the server.
 • Local Channel: Play content in internal memory or from external memory.Player
HOME  → Player → ENTER E
Player
Play various contents sych as scheduled 
channels, templates or files.
Clone Product
Picture ModeID SettingsOn/Off TimerVideo WallTickerNetwork StatusMore settingsSchedule Template
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.This feature is provided in Support → Go to Home.
Accessible using the HOME button on the remote control.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Approving a connected device from the server
 • Set MagicInfo Mode to MagicInfo in Server Network Settings.
Approve and use the MagicInfo server now.
 ―First configure the server Network Settings before device approval.
1 Access the server you have assigned to your device.
2 Enter your ID and password to log in.3 Select Device from the top menu bar.
4 Select MagicInfo from the menus on the left.
5 Select Unapproved from the sub-menus of MagicInfo.
6 Select the Approve button for your device from the list of unapproved MagicInfo devices.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  7 Enter the information required to approve the device.
 • Device Name: Enter the device name.
 • Device Group: Select 
  to specify the group.
 • Location: Enter the current location of the device.
 ―Pressing the INFO button on the remote when a network schedule is running will display the details of 
the schedule. Check that the correct device has been selected by viewing the device ID in the details.
8 Select the All  menu to check that the device has been registered.
9 When the device is approved by the server, the schedule registered in the selected group will be 
downloaded to the device. The schedule will run after it is downloaded.
 ―For further details on how to configure a schedule, refer to the <MagicInfo Server user's manual>.
 ―If a device is deleted from the list of devices approved by the server, the device will reboot to reset its 
settings.
Setting the current time
A schedule may not run if the time set on the device is different from the server's current time.
1 Go to the tabs Device → Time.
2 Select your device.
3 Select Clock Set, and sync the time with the server.
 • When connecting to the server for the first time, the time on the product is set using the GMT time 
of the region where the server is installed.
 • The time on the product can be changed from the server as shown in step 3.
 • Turning the product off and then on again will restore the time setting on the product to the last time that was set from the server.
 ―For further details on how to manage the time (scheduling, holiday management, etc.), refer to the 
<MagicInfo Server user's manual>.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network Channel
Play content, templates and schedules configured on the server.
 • You can view whether the server is connected (approval) in the Player menu screen.
To view whether the server is connected when a Network Channel is running, press INFO on the remote.
1 Select Network Channel from the Player menu.
2 Network Channel will run.
Local Channel
Play a schedule or channel that was configured in the product.
1 Select Local Channel from the Player menu.
 ―The No channels message appears if no channel has been registered in Local Channel.
2 Local Channel will run.
Deployed Folders
Play a template stored on a connected USB device.
 ―The Deployed Folders feature appears only when a USB device containing templates is connected.
My Templates
 ―Play a template in My Templates stored in the internal memory of the product.
PlayerDevice:Internal Contents: All Sort by: File Name Options
1 / 2 item(s)Browse and play content stored on the selected device.
No channels
No channelsNetwork Channel
Local ChannelMy Templates
Deployed Folders
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Available features in the Player page
The Player list page provides the following features.
 • Device
Select either Internal or USB to search for a desired device list.
 - All / Internal / USB
 • ContentsSelect a content type as criterion to search for a desired content list.
 - All / Video / Image / PDF / Flash / Office / My Template
 • Sort bySpecify the content sort criterion.
 - File Name / Recently played
 • Options
Menu items in the Player page
Option Name Operations
Play Seleted Select and play desired content.
Send Copy content to another storage device.
Delete Delete desired content.
Go to Multimedia Play content using the media play feature.
Settings Configure detailed properties of content.
 ―See the following page for details on the Settings feature.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Player page Settings menu
Settings
Settings
Aspect Ratio
Display DurationTransition EffectContent LayoutSafely Remove USBLandscapeSet whether to display content in the original aspect ratio or in full 
screen size.
Close
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Aspect Ratio
Set Aspect Ratio to either Original or Full.
 • Full / Original
 ―This feature is only available for Videos, Images, PDF and Office files.
Display Duration
Set the duration for each page in a slideshow.
 ―This feature is only available for Images, PDF, Flash and Office files.
Transition Effect
Configure transition effects between pages or scenes in a slideshow or video file.
 • None / Fade1 / Fade2 / Blind / Spiral / Checker / Linear / Stairs / Wipe / Random
 ―This feature is only available for Images files.
Content Layout
Switch the orientation of playing content to Landscape or Portrait mode.
 • Landscape / Portrait
 ―If Content Layout is Portrait view, it does not support VP8 video codec.
Safely Remove USB
Safely removes USB memory
Reset Settings
Restore all the values under Settings to the default when the product was purchased.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  When Content is Running
Viewing the details of the content that is running
Information
Type:
CH Number:CH Name:Software Version:MAC ID:Tags:Server:USB:Schedule download:Network Channel
No channels selectedNo channels selected
B2B-EP-MIP-4510
FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF
None
Not connectedNot connected
No Schedule to download
OK
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Press the INFO button on the remote control.
 • Type: Type of channel currently playing
 ―Only applicable during Network Channel / Local Channel playback.
 • CH Number: Number assigned to the channel currently playing
 ―Only applicable during Network Channel / Local Channel playback.
 • CH Name: Name of the channel currently playing
 ―Only applicable during Network Channel / Local Channel playback.
 • Software Version: Displays the software version of a device
 • MAC ID: Displays the original identification number of a device
 • Tags: Tag settings assigned to a device from the server
 • Server: Displays the connection status (Connected, Disconnected or Not approved) of the server
 • USB: Displays the connection status of a USB device
 • Schedule download: Displays the progress of a network schedule being downloaded from the serverDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Changing the settings for the content that is running
Music Playlist Picture Mode Sound Mode Repeat
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 -This feature is not available when content is playing through Video Wall .Press the TOOLS button on the remote control during content playback to configure settings such as Picture Mode and 
Sound Mode.
 • Playlist
View a list of content items currently playing.
 • MusicSet the background music for the content currently playing.
 • Picture ModeCustomizes the screen settings for the content currently playing
 - Shops & Malls / Offices & Schools / Terminals & Stations / Video Wall / Calibration
 • Sound ModeCustomizes the audio settings for the content currently playing
 - Standard / Music / Movie / Clear Voice / Amplify
 • RepeatSet the repeat mode.
 - One / AllDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  File Formats Compatible with Player
 • Supported file systems include FAT32 and NTFS.
 • A file with a vertical and horizontal resolution larger than the maximum resolution cannot be 
played.
Check the vertical and horizontal resolution of the file.
 • Check the supported video and audio Codec types and Versions.
 • Check the supported file versions.
 -Flash version up to 10.1 is supported
 -PowerPoint version up to 97 – 2007 is supported
 • Only the last USB device that was connected is recognized.
Network Schedule Multiframe
Playback restrictions
 • A maximum of two video files (Videos) can be played simultaneously.
 • In portrait playback mode, only one video file can be played at a time.
 • More than one Flash file cannot be played.
 • For Office files (PPT and Word files) and PDF files, only one file type is supported at a time.
 • LFD(.lfd) files are not supported.
Sound output restrictions
 • More than one sound output cannot be used.
 • Playback priority: Flash file > network BGM > local BGM > video file in the main frame selected 
by the user
 ―Network BGM: Settings can be configured in step 1 when creating a server schedule.
 ―Local BGM: BGM settings can be configured using the tools displayed after the TOOLS button 
is pressed during Player playback.
 ―User-selected main frame: Main frame settings can be configured in step 2 when creating a 
server schedule.Template files and LFD(.lfd) files
Restrictions
 • Ensure a distributed folder (content / schedules) exists in Internal / USB memory. 
Playback restrictions
 • A maximum of two video (Videos) files can be played.
 • More than one Flash file cannot be played.
 • For Office files (PPT and Word files) and PDF files, only one file type is supported at a time.
 • Multiple videos (Videos) cannot be played on a single display of a video wall simultaneously.
Sound output restrictions
 • More than one sound output cannot be used.
 • Playback priority: Flash file > network BGM > local BGM > video file in the main frame selected by the userDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Contents
File Extension Container Video Codec Resolution Frame rate
(fps)Bit rate(Mbps)Audio Codec
*.avi
*.mkv*.asf*.wmv*.mp4*.mov*.3gp*.vro*.mpg*.mpeg*.ts*.tp*.trp*.flv*.vob*.svi*.m2ts*.mts*.divxAVI
MKVASFMP43GPVROVOBPSTSDivX 3.11 / 4.x / 5.x / 6.x 1920 x 1080 6~30 30
AC3
LPCMAACHE-AACWMADD+MPEG(MP3)DTS CoreG.711(ALaw, μ-Law)
MPEG4 SP / ASP
H.264 BP / MP / HPMotion JPEGWindow Media Video v9MPEG2MPEG1VP6 640 x 480 4Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Audio Image
 • 3D video is not supported.
 • Content with a resolution larger than the 
resolution specified in the table above is not supported.
 • Video content with a Bit rate or Frame rate larger than the rate specified in the table above can cause choppy video during playback.
 • Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if there is an error in the content or the container.
 • Some USB/digital camera devices may not be compatible with the player.
 • Supports up to H.264, Level 4.1
 • H.264 FMO / ASO / RS, VC1 SP / MP / AP L4 and AVCHD are not supported.
 • For all Video codecs except MVC, VP8, VP6:
 -Below 1280 x 720: 60 frame max
 -Above 1280 x 720: 30 frame max
 • GMC 2 or higher is not supported.
 • Supports only BD MVC Spec.
 • Certain codecs (MVC, VP8 and MJPEG) will not be supported in the following situations: playing different file types successively, playing LFD files, or playing files in portrait mode. • Audio content with a Bit rate or Frame rate larger than the rate specified in the table above can cause choppy audio during playback.
 • Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if there is an error in the content or the container.
 • Some USB/digital camera devices may not be compatible with the player.
 • Supports up to WMA 10 Pro 5.1 channel. WMA lossless audio is not supported.
 • QCELP , AMR NB/WB are not supported. • Compatible image file format: Jpeg
 • Supported maximum resolution: 15360 x 8640
 • Supported image effects: 9 effects
(Fade1, Fade2, Blind, Spiral, Checker, Linear, 
Stairs, Wipe, Random)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Flash Power Point PDF
 • Compatible with Flash 10.1
 • Flash Animation
 -Compatible file format: SWF
 • Recommended resolution: 960 x 540
 -Caution
Performance comparable to Flash Player 
on a Windows operating system cannot be guaranteed
Optimization is needed during content 
creation
 • Flash Video
 -Compatible file format: FLV
 -Video
Codec: H.264 BP
Resolution: 1920 x 1080
 -Audio
Codec: H.264 BP
 -CautionF4V file format is not supported
Screen Video is not supported • Compatible document file formats
 -Extension: ppt, pptx
 -Version: Office 97 ~ Office 2007
 • Functions not supported
 -Animation effect
 -3D shapes (which will be displayed in 2D)
 -Header and footer (some subitems are not 
supported)
 -Word Art
 -Align
A group alignment error may occur
 -Office 2007SmartArt is not fully supported. 97 out of 
115 subitems are supported.
 -Object insertion
 -Half-width characters
 -Letter spacing
 -Charts
 -Vertical text
some subitems are not supported
 -Slide notes and handout • Compatible document file formats
 -Extension: pdf
 • Functions not supported
 -Content less than 1 pixel not supported 
because of performance degradation issue.
 -Masked Image, Tiled Image content not supported.
 -Content with Rotated Text, not supported.
 -3D Shadow Effects not supported.
 -Some characters not supported
(Special characters may be corrupted)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  WORD Template files LFD
 • Compatible document file formats
 -Extension: .doc, .docx
 -Version: Office 97 ~ Office 2007
 • Functions not supported
 -Page background effect
 -Some paragraph styles
 -Word Art
 -Align
A group alignment error may occur
 -3D shapes (which will be displayed in 2D)
 -Office 2007SmartArt is not fully supported. 97 out of 
115 subitems are supported.
 -Charts
 -Half-width characters
 -Letter spacing
 -Vertical text
some subitems are not supported
 -Slide notes and handout • Creation/editing/playback are only available in 
Template. • Supported in Network Channel and Local Channel
 • Compatible document file formats
 -Extension: .lfdDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  File Formats Compatible with Video Wall
 ―Refer to the <MagicInfo Server user's manual> for further details.
Video Image
 • 3D video is not supported.
 • Content with a resolution larger than the resolution specified in the table 
above is not supported.
 • Video content with a Bit rate or Frame rate larger than the rate specified in the table above can cause choppy video during playback.
 • Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if there is an error in the content or the container.
 • Some USB/digital camera devices may not be compatible with the player.
 • Supports up to H.264, Level 4.1
 • H.264 FMO / ASO / RS, VC1 SP / MP / AP L4 and AVCHD are not supported.
 • For all Video codecs except MVC, VP8, VP6: 
 -Below 1280 x 720: 60 frame max
 -Above 1280 x 720: 30 frame max
 • GMC 2 or higher is not supported.
 • Supports only BD MVC Spec.
 • Some codecs may not be supported in portrait playback mode. • Compatible image file format: Jpeg, png, bmp
 • Supported maximum resolution: 15360 x 8640
 ―A higher resolution image may take longer to display on the screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Restrictions
 • Only one video (Videos) file can be played per client.
 ―Different content files can be played on the displays of a video wall.
Two video (Videos) files cannot be played on a single display of a video wall.
AvailableAvailable Not availableDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Schedule
HOME  → Schedule → ENTER E
12:00 am
12:30 am01:00 am01:30 am02:00 am02:30 am03:00 am03:30 am04:00 am04:30 am05:00 am05:30 amAdd content to create 
a programme on the 
channel.
Configure the display 
duration to set how long 
each item of content will 
play for.
Set a start time and 
a stop time for the 
programme.Playing Time [CH1]Chnnel 1 [CH2]Chnnel 2 [CH3]Chnnel 3Options Type:Local Device:Internal
Schedule your content on a local channel or edit existing channels.Schedule
+ Add Programme Schedule your content on 
CH 2.Schedule your content on 
CH 3.Available features in the Schedule page
The Schedule page provides the following features.
 • Type
 - Local: Add or edit schedules.
 - Network: View the network schedule configured on the server.
 • Device
 -Display the name of a connected storage device.
 ―This option only activates if Type is set to Local in Device.
 • Options
Menu items in the Schedule page
Option Name Operations
Send Send configured schedules to another storage device. This is similar to the "copy" feature 
on PCs.
Delete Delete schedules.
Settings The default content plays on a channel that does not contain programme information.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Configuring channel schedules
Play media content such as videos, photos and music at a desired time.
1 Select a channel to configure.
2 Select video, music and photo content you want to apply to the channel schedule.
3 Set the time to play the schedule. (Start Time ~ Stop Time)
4 Change the channel schedule name, and then select a destination folder to save to.
5 Press the Save  button.
 ―Only applicable when Type is set to Local.
Editing a channel schedule.
Change settings for a configured channel schedule such as content, the duration and the schedule name.
1 Select a channel to edit.
2 Select video, photo or music content to edit in the channel schedule.
 -Deleting content: Place the cursor over the desired content and then press the E button to delete it.
 -Move to the far right end of the content list. Click the + button to add content or change the playback order of content items.
3 Set the time to play the schedule. (Start Time ~ Stop Time)
4 Change the channel schedule name, and then select a destination folder to save to.
5 Press the Save  button.
 ―Only applicable when Type is set to Local.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Template
HOME  → Template → ENTER E
My templateMarket:All Layout:Landscape
1 / 64 item(s) Select a template to customise.Template
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 -The Template function is disabled if Video Wall is set to On . Available features in the Template page
Create unique content using templates. It is easy to create content. Simply change images and text in a 
template.
Sort the template list using the following criteria.
 • Market
 • Layout
 - Landscape / Portrait
1 Select a template from the provided sample templates.
New town
interior design
Sustainble evolution unfolods tomorrw’s design
Background Screen Background MusicSelect in the editable zone to add content or edit the existing text.Template
Preview
Cancel
SaveDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2 Organize a template by inserting text, video, photo, or PDF files as desired.
Entering text
New town
interior design
Sustainble evolution unfolods tomorrw’s design
Background Screen Background MusicSelect in the editable zone to add content or edit the existing text.Template
Preview
Cancel
SaveEdit Text
Font options
Edit Text
Select the Edit Text window to enter text.
Font options
Font Colour: Specify the text colour for the message.
Background Colour: Specify the background colour for the message.Background opacity: Specify the background transparency for the message.Alignment: Select a message alignment mode.Scroll: Specify the scroll direction/speed for the message.Hide Element: Display or hide a message.
 ―Selecting Hide does not reset the message settings.
Reset: Reset all settings in Font options to default settings.Inserting content such as videos, photos and PDF files
picture1.jpg
Edit
Duration Options Hide Element Show
Aspect Ratio MuteItem(s) selected
Select item to deleteSelect in the editable zone to add content or edit the existing text.Template
Done Cancel
Configuring the background image/background music
..
Background Screen Device:Internal
Background Colour White Done CancelSelect in the editable zone to add content or edit the existing text.TemplateDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Preview
New town
interior design
Sustainble evolution unfolods tomorrw’s design
Template preview is running. It will stop 
after 20 seconds.
1 Preview the created template using the Preview  feature.
2 To save the template, press the Save  button.3 Configure Template Name and Storage.
Save
Duration
Template NameStorage23:59:59
Template1
Internal
Save Cancel
4 Press the Save  button to finish creating the content.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Clone Product
HOME  → Clone Product → ENTER E
Clone Product
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Export the product settings to a USB device or load the settings via a USB device.
This option is useful when assigning the same settings to several products.
When USB does not contain a duplicate file
1 Connect the USB device to a USB port. Run the Clone Product function.
2 The No cloning file found on the USB device. Copy system settings from this product to the USB storage device?  
message appears.
When USB contains a duplicate file
1 Connect the USB device to a USB port. Run the Clone Product function.
2 The Cloning file found. Please select an option. message appears.
Run the Clone From USB or Clone to USB function.
 - Clone From USB: Apply the USB device settings to the product.
 - Clone to USB: Copy the product settings to the USB device.
 ―After configuration is complete, the product is rebooted automatically.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  ID Settings
HOME  → ID Settings → ENTER E
ID Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Assign an ID to a set.
Press u/d to select a number, and press E .
Device ID
Enter the ID number of the product connected to the input cable for input signal reception. (Range: 0~224)
 ―Enter the number you want using the number buttons on the remote control.
PC Connection Cable
Select a method to connect to MDC to receive the MDC signal.
 • RS232C cable
Communicate with MDC via the RS232C-stereo cable.
 • RJ45(LAN) cableCommunicate with MDC via the RJ45 cable.
Device ID Auto Set
This feature automatically allots an ID number to a device connected via an RS232C cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Wall
HOME  → Video Wall → ENTER E
Video Wall
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Customize the layout of multiple displays that are connected to form a video wall.
In addition, display part of a whole picture or repeat the same picture on each of the connected multiple displays.To display multiple images, refer to MDC Help or the MagicInfo user guide. Some models may not support the MagicInfo 
function.
Apply to
 • Current Source (screen output from a device connected to Source ): Configure videowall features for the screen output 
from an external device connected to the product.
 • MagicInfo Player S: Configure videowall features for content saved in the product or content saved on a USB memory or SD card.
Restrictions
 ―Playback may be initially choppy if video files of different resolutions play successively (i.e., 1280x720 content plays after 
1920x1080 content) or an image file and a video file play one after the other.
Video Image
 • Supported resolution
 -1920 x 1080 @ 24p/30p
 -1280 x 720 @ 24p/30p/60p
 • HEVC and 3D images are not supported. • Compatible image file format: Jpeg, png, bmp
 • Supported maximum resolution
 -jpeg: 15360 x 8640
 -png: 4096 x 4096
 -bmp: 4096 x 4096Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Wall
You can activate or deactivate Video Wall.
To organize a video wall, select On .
 • Off / On
Horizontal x Vertical
This feature automatically splits a videowall display based on a videowall matrix configuration.Enter the videowall matrix.The videowall display is split based on the configured matrix. The number of vertical or horizontal display devices can be set within the range 1 and 15.
 ―A videowall display can be split into a maximum of 225 screens.
 ―The Horizontal x Vertical option is only enabled when Video Wall is set to On .
Screen Position
To rearrange split screens, adjust the number for each product in the matrix using the Screen Position feature.
Selecting Screen Position will display the videowall matrix with the numbers assigned to the products that form the videowall.To rearrange products, use the direction buttons on the remote control to move a product to another desired number. Press the E button.
 • All Displays: Assign screen positions to All displays. Then, you don't need to set up video wall for individual displays.
 • Current Displays: Only Assign screen position for this first display.
 ―Screen Position can be set up with a maximum of 15x15 split screens (225 devices). If connected using DP Loopout mode, the maximum number of devices changes 
to 100.
 ―The Screen Position option is only enabled when Video Wall is set to On .
 ―To use the function, make sure Horizontal x Vertical is configured.
Format
Select how to display images on the videowall display.
 • Full: Display images in full screen with no margin.
 • Natural: Display images in the original aspect ratio without enlarging or reducing the size.
 ―The Format option is only enabled when Video Wall is set to On .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network Status
HOME  → Network Status → ENTER E
Network Status
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Check the current network and Internet connection.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Mode
HOME  → Picture Mode → ENTER E
Picture Mode
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select a picture mode (Picture Mode) suitable for the environment where the product will be used.
 • Shops & Malls
Suitable for shopping malls.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Offices & SchoolsSuitable for offices and schools.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Terminals & StationsSuitable for bus terminals and train stations.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Video WallSuitable for environments where videowall display are used.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • CalibrationIn this mode, the brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity settings customized using the colour calibration programme 
Advanced Colour Management are applied.
 -To apply the Calibration mode properly, make sure you configure the picture quality settings, such as brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity, using the colour calibration programme Advanced Colour Management.
 -To download the Advanced Colour Management programme, visit www.samsung.com/displaysolutions.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  On/Off Timer
HOME  → On/Off Timer → ENTER E
On/Off Timer
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model. ―You must set the clock before you can use On/Off Timer.
On Timer
Set On Timer so that your product turns on automatically at a time and on a day of your choosing.
The power is turned on with the specified volume or input source.On Timer: Set the on timer by making a selection from one of the seven options. Ensure you set the current time first.(On Timer 1 ~ On Timer 7)
 • Setup: Select Off, Once , Everyday , Mon~Fri, Mon~Sat, Sat~Sun or Manual.  
If you select Manual, you can choose the days you want On Timer to turn on your product.
 -The check mark indicates days you’ve selected.
 • Time: Set the hour and minute. Use the number buttons or the up and down arrow keys to enter numbers. Use the left 
and right arrow buttons to change entry fields.
 • Volume: Set the desired volume level. Use the left and right arrow buttons to change the volume level.
 • Source : Select the input source of your choice.
 • Contents (when the Source  is set to Internal/USB): From the USB device or internal memory device, select a folder 
containing content you want to play when the product turns on. Content can include music, photo or video files.
 ―This function is available only when a USB device is connected.
 ―If there is no music file on the USB device or you don’t select a folder containing a music file, the Timer function does not 
operate correctly.
 ―If there is only one photo file in the USB, the Slide Show will not play.
 ―If a folder name is too long, the folder cannot be selected.
 ―Each USB you use is assigned its own folder. When using more than one of the same type of USB, make sure the folders 
assigned to each USB have different names.
 ―We recommend that you use a USB memory stick and a multi card reader when using On Timer.
 ―The On Timer function may not work with USB devices with a built-in battery, MP3 players, or PMPs made by some 
manufacturers because the product can take too long to recognize these devices.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Off Timer
Set the off timer (Off Timer) by making a selection from one of the seven options. (Off Timer 1 ~ Off Timer 7)
 • Setup: Select Off, Once , Everyday , Mon~Fri, Mon~Sat, Sat~Sun or Manual.  
If you select Manual, you can choose the days you want Off Timer to turn off your product.
 -The check mark indicates days you’ve selected.
 • Time: Set the hour and minute. Use the number buttons or the up and down arrow keys to enter numbers. Use the left 
and right arrow buttons to change entry fields.
Holiday Management
Timer will be disabled during a period specified as a holiday.
 • Add Holiday: Specify the period you want to add as a holiday.
Select the start and end dates of the holiday you want to add using the u/d buttons, and click the Save  button.
The period will be added to the list of holidays.
 - Start: Set the start date of the holiday.
 - End: Set the end date of the holiday.
 ―Delete: Delete selected items from the list of holidays.
 ―Edit: Select a holiday item and then change the date.
 • Set Applied Timer: Set the On Timer and Off Timer to not activate on public holidays.
 -Press E to select the On Timer and Off Timer settings you do not want to activate.
 -The selected On Timer and Off Timer will not activate.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Ticker
HOME  → Ticker → ENTER E
Ticker
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Input text while a video or image is displayed and display the text on the screen.
 • Off / On
 • Message: Enter a message to display on the screen.
 • Time: Set the Start Time and End Time to display a Message.
 • Font options: Specify the text font and colour for the message.
 • Position: Select an orientation to display a Message.
 • Scroll: Specify the scroll Direction and Speed for the message.
 • Preview : Preview configured caption settings.
More settings
HOME  → More settings → ENTER E
More settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.The picture settings menu appears.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  URL Launcher
HOME  → URL Launcher → ENTER E
URL Launcher12:00
Play various contents sych as scheduled 
channels, templates or files.Change URL
pm
January 1 2014
Clone Product
Picture ModeID SettingsOn/Off TimerVideo WallTickerNetwork StatusMore settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.For details on how to use the URL Launcher feature, contact the dealer the product was purchased from.
 ―To use the URL Launcher feature, set Play via to URL Launcher in System .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Adjustment
Configure the Picture settings (Backlight, Colour Tone, etc.).
 -The layout of the Picture  menu options may vary depending on the product.
Picture Mode
MENUm→ Picture → Picture Mode → ENTERE
· 
· · 
· 
· · Picture
Picture Mode
Backlight
ContrastBrightnessSharpnessColourTint (G/R)Shops & Malls
80
100
456055
G50
 R50
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Change the Picture Mode depending on the environment where you are using the product.
 • Shops & Malls
Suitable for shopping malls.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Offices & SchoolsSuitable for offices and schools.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Terminals & StationsSuitable for bus terminals and train stations.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Video WallSuitable for environments where videowall display are used.
 -Select either Videos/Images or Text  depending on the picture mode.
 • Calibration: In this mode, the brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity settings customized using the colour calibration 
programme Advanced Color Management are applied.
 ―To apply the Calibration mode properly, make sure you configure the picture quality settings, such as brightness, 
colour, gamma and uniformity, using the colour calibration programme Advanced Color Management.
 ―To download the Advanced Color Management programme, visit www.samsung.com/displaysolutions.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Backlight / Contrast / Brightness / 
Sharpness / Colour / Tint (G/R)
MENUm→ Picture → ENTERE
· 
· · 
· 
· · Picture
Picture Mode
Backlight
ContrastBrightnessSharpnessColourTint (G/R)Shops & Malls
80
100
456055
G50
 R50
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Your product has several options for adjusting picture quality. 
Picture Mode Adjustable options
Shops & Malls, Offices & 
Schools, Terminals & Stations, Video WallVideos/Images Backlight / Contrast / Brightness / Sharpness / Colour / Tint (G/R)
Text Backlight / Contrast / Brightness / Sharpness
Calibration Backlight
 ―Select a Picture Mode, and then adjust settings as desired. The new settings will be saved to the Picture Mode.
 ―You can adjust and store settings for each external device you have connected to an input on the product.
 ―Lowering picture brightness reduces power consumption.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Colour Temperature
MENUm→ Picture → Colour Temperature → ENTERE
Picture
Colour Temperature 16000K
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjust the colour temperature (Red/Green/Blue). (Range: 2800K–16000K)
 ―This option is available when Colour Tone is set to Off.
 ―This function is disabled when Picture Mode is set to Calibration.
White Balance
MENUm→ Picture → White Balance → ENTERE
Picture
White Balance
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.2 Point
Adjust the colour temperature for a more natural picture.
 • R-Gain / G-Gain / B-Gain: Adjust each colour’s (red, green, blue) brightness.
 • Reset: Reset to the default settings.
10 Point
Controls the white balance in 10 point interval by adjusting the red, green, and blue brightness.
 • Off / On
Level : Select interval to adjust.
Red: Adjust the red level.
Green: Adjust the green level.Blue: Adjust the blue level.Reset: Reset to the default settings.
 ―Some external devices may not support this function.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Gamma
MENUm→ Picture → Gamma → ENTERE
Picture
Gamma -2
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjust the primary colour intensity.
 ―This function is disabled when Picture Mode is set to Calibration.
Calibrated value
MENUm→ Picture → Calibrated value → ENTERE
Picture
Calibrated value
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select whether to apply the brightness, colour, gamma and uniformity settings customized using the colour calibration 
programme Advanced Color Management to the Information and Advertisement modes.
 • Don't apply / Apply
 ―To download the Advanced Color Management programme, visit www.samsung.com/displaysolutions.
 ―This function is disabled when Picture Mode is set to Calibration.
 ―Available only in PC and DVI  mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Advanced Settings
MENUm→ Picture → Advanced Settings → ENTERE
Advanced Settings
Dynamic Contrast
Black ToneFlesh ToneRGB Only ModeColour SpaceMotion LightingOff
Darkest
0
Off
Native
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model. ―This function is disabled when Picture Mode is set to Calibration.
Picture Mode Adjustable options
Shops & Malls, Offices & 
Schools, Video WallVideos/Images Dynamic Contrast / Black Tone / Flesh Tone / RGB Only Mode / Colour Space / White Balance
Text Dynamic Contrast / Black Tone / White Balance
Terminals & Stations Videos/Images Dynamic Contrast / Black Tone / Flesh Tone / RGB Only Mode  / Colour Space  / White Balance  / Motion Lighting
Text Dynamic Contrast / Black Tone / White BalanceDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Advanced Settings
Dynamic Contrast
Black ToneFlesh ToneRGB Only ModeColour SpaceMotion LightingOff
Darkest
0
Off
Native
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Dynamic Contrast
Adjust the screen contrast.
 • Off / Low  / Medium / High
Black Tone
Select the black level to adjust the screen depth.
 • Off / Dark / Darker / Darkest
Flesh Tone
Emphasize pink Flesh Tone.
RGB Only Mode
Displays the Red, Green and Blue colour for making fine adjustments to the hue and saturation.
 • Off / Red / Green / Blue
Colour Space
Adjusts the range and variety of colours (the colour space) available to create images.
 • Auto  / Native / Custom
 ―To adjust Colour, Red, Green, Blue and Reset, set Colour Space to Custom.
Motion Lighting
Reduces power consumption by reducing screen brightness when the picture on the screen is in motion.
 • Off / OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Options
MENUm → Picture → Picture Options → ENTERE
Picture Options
Colour Tone
Digital Clean ViewMPEG Noise FilterHDMI Black LevelFilm ModeAuto Motion PlusDynamic BacklightOffOffOff
Low
Off
Standard
On
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Input source Picture Mode Adjustable options
PC Shops & Malls, 
Offices & Schools, Terminals & StationsVideos/Images Colour Tone / Digital Clean View / MPEG Noise Filter / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / Dynamic Backlight
Video Wall Videos/Images Colour Tone / Digital Clean View / MPEG Noise Filter / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Calibration Dynamic Backlight
DisplayPort Shops & Malls, Offices & Schools, Terminals & StationsVideos/Images Colour Tone / Digital Clean View / MPEG Noise Filter / HDMI Black Level / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / HDMI Black Level / Dynamic Backlight
Video Wall Videos/Images Colour Tone / HDMI Black Level / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / HDMI Black Level / Dynamic Backlight
Calibration HDMI Black Level / Dynamic BacklightDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Options
Colour Tone
Digital Clean ViewMPEG Noise FilterHDMI Black LevelFilm ModeAuto Motion PlusDynamic BacklightOffOffOff
Low
Off
Standard
On
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Input source Picture Mode Adjustable options
DVI, HDMI Shops & Malls, 
Offices & Schools, Terminals & StationsVideos/Images Colour Tone / Digital Clean View / MPEG Noise Filter / HDMI Black Level / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / HDMI Black Level / Dynamic Backlight
Video Wall Videos/Images Colour Tone / Digital Clean View / MPEG Noise Filter / HDMI Black Level / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / HDMI Black Level / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Calibration HDMI Black Level / Dynamic Backlight
AV, Component Shops & Malls, Offices & Schools, Terminals & StationsVideos/Images Colour Tone / Digital Clean View / MPEG Noise Filter / Film Mode / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / Film Mode / Dynamic Backlight
Video Wall Videos/Images Colour Tone / Digital Clean View / MPEG Noise Filter / Film Mode / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Text Colour Tone / Film Mode / Auto Motion Plus / Dynamic Backlight
Calibration Film Mode / Dynamic BacklightDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Options
Colour Tone
Digital Clean ViewMPEG Noise FilterHDMI Black LevelFilm ModeAuto Motion PlusDynamic BacklightOffOffOff
Low
Off
Standard
On
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Colour Tone
 • Off / Cool / Standard / Warm1 / Warm2
 ―This function is disabled when Picture Mode is set to Calibration.
 ―Settings can be adjusted and stored for each external device connected to an input on the product.
Digital Clean View
If the broadcast signal received by your product is weak, you can activate the Digital Clean View feature to reduce any static 
and ghosting that may appear on the screen.
 • Off / Low  / Medium / High / Auto
 ―Received signal intensity is the strongest when the bar is green.
 ―When the signal is weak, try all the options until the the product displays the best picture.
MPEG Noise Filter
Reduces MPEG noise to provide improved picture quality.
 • Off / Low  / Medium / High / Auto
HDMI Black Level
Selects the black level on the screen to adjust the screen depth.
 • Low  / Normal
 ―Available only in DisplayPort, HDMI and DVI  mode (AV Timing : 480p, 576p, 720p, 1080i, 1080p).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Options
Colour Tone
Digital Clean ViewMPEG Noise FilterHDMI Black LevelFilm ModeAuto Motion PlusDynamic BacklightOffOffOff
Low
Off
Standard
On
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Film Mode
This mode is suitable to view movies.
Sets the product to automatically sense and process film signals from all sources and adjust the picture for optimum quality.
 • Off / Auto1 / Auto2
 ―Available in AV  or Component (480i/1080i).
Auto Motion Plus
Removes blur and judder from scenes with larger amounts of rapid movement to provide a clearer picture.The menu names may vary depending on the country.Off : Switches Auto Motion Plus off.Clear : Sets Auto Motion Plus to Clear (suitable for viewing moving images clearly) mode.Standard : Sets Auto Motion Plus to Standard mode.Smooth : Sets Auto Motion Plus to Smooth (suitable for viewing moving images naturally) mode.Custom : Use to reduce the afterimage and judder as much as you want.
 • Blur Reduction : Use to reduce the afterimage as much as you want.
 -This is only supported if the Auto Motion Plus is set to Custom.
 • Judder Reduction : Use to reduce the judder as much as you want.
 -This is only supported if the Auto Motion Plus is set to Custom.
 • LED Clear Motion : Make moving images look more clear.
 -This is only supported if the Auto Motion Plus is set to Custom.
 • Reset: Restore Auto Motion Plus settings to default values.
 -The colour on screen may vary with this option unintentionally.
 -Disabled when PIP is set to On .
Dynamic Backlight
Automatically adjust the backlight to provide the best possible screen contrast under the current conditions.
 • Off / On
 ―The Dynamic Backlight is not available when the input source is set to PC, AV  or Component while Video Wall is On .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Size
MENUm→ Picture → Picture Size → ENTERE
· Picture Size
Picture Size 16:9
Position
Resolution Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.choose size and aspect ratio picture displayed on screen.
Picture Size
 ―Different screen adjustment options are displayed depending on the current input source.
 • 16:9: Sets the picture to 16:9 wide mode.
 • Zoom1: Use for moderate magnification. Cuts off the top and sides.
 • Zoom2: Use for a stronger magnification.
 • Smart View 1: Reduces the 16:9 picture by 50%.
 ―Smart View 1 is enabled only in HDMI mode.
 • Smart View 2: Reduces the 16:9 picture by 25%.
 ―Smart View 2 is enabled only in HDMI mode.
 • Wide Fit: Enlarges the aspect ratio of the picture to fit the entire screen.
 • 4:3: Sets the picture to basic (4:3) mode.
 ―Do not set your product to 4:3 format for a long time.
The borders displayed on the left and right, or top and bottom of the screen may cause image retention (screen burn) 
which is not covered by the warranty.
 • Screen Fit: Displays the full image without any cut-off when HDMI (720p / 1080i / 1080p) or Component (1080i/ 1080p) signals are inputted.
 • Custom: Changes the resolution to suit the user's preferences.
 • Original ratio: If the input source is PC, DVI , HDMI, or DisplayPort (PC connection), the video will display in the original 
aspect ratio.
 ―Available ports may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Position
Picture Size
Picture Size 16:9
Position
Resolution Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjusts the picture position. Position  is only available if Picture Size  is set to Zoom1 , Zoom2 , Wide Fit , Screen Fit  or Custom .
 ―To use the Position function after selecting Zoom1, Zoom2, Wide Fit, Screen Fit or Custom, follow these steps.
1 Press the ▼ button to select Position. Press the E  button.
2 Press the ▲ or ▼ button to move the picture up or down.
3 Press the E button.
Zoom/Position
Picture Size
Picture Size 16:9
Zoom/Position
Resolution Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjusts the picture zoom and position. This option is available when the input source is set to HDMI (1080i/1080p) or 
Component (1080i/1080p). Picture Size must be set to Custom for the option to be available.
1 Press the d button to select Zoom/Position. Press the E button.
2 Select the Zoom or Position. Press the E button.
3 Press the u/d/l/r button to move the picture.
4 Press the E button.
 ―If you want to reset the picture to its original position, select Reset in the Zoom/Position screen. 
 ―The picture will be set to its default position.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Resolution
If the picture is not normal even when the resolution of the graphics card is one of the following, you can optimize the picture 
quality by selecting the same resolution for the product as the PC using this menu.
Available resolutions: Off / 1024x768 / 1280x768 / 1360x768 / 1366x768
 ―Available in PC mode only.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Auto Adjustment
MENUm→ Picture → Auto Adjustment → ENTERE
Picture
Auto Adjustment
 -Available in PC mode only.
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjust frequency values/positions and fine tune the settings automatically.
PC Screen Adjustment
MENUm→ Picture → PC Screen Adjustment → ENTERE
Picture
PC Screen Adjustment
 -Available in PC mode only.
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model. • Coarse / Fine
Removes or reduces picture noise.
If the noise is not removed by Fine-tuning alone, use the Coarse function to adjust the frequency as best as possible 
(Coarse) and Fine-tune again. After the noise has been reduced, re-adjust the picture so that it is aligned with the centre of screen.
 • Position
To adjust the PC’s screen position if it is not centreed or does not fit the product screen.
Press the ▲ or ▼ button to adjust the Vertical Position. Press the ◄ or ► button to adjust the Horizontal Position.
 • Image Reset
Resets the image to the default settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Picture Off
MENUm → Picture → Picture Off → ENTERE
Picture
Picture Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Selecting Picture Off switches off the screen. The volume is not disabled.
To switch the screen on, press any button other than the volume button.
Reset Picture
MENUm → Picture → Reset Picture → ENTERE
Picture
Reset Picture
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Reset all the settings in the Picture menu to factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  OnScreen Display
PIP
MENUm → OnScreen Display → PIP → ENTERE
PIP
PIP
SourceSizePositionSound SelectOn
HDMI
ÕÃ
Main
Close
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 -For PIP sound, refer to the Sound Select instructions.
 -If you turn the product off while watching in the PIP mode, PIP mode will remain after power 
Off/On.
 -You may notice that the picture in the PIP screen becomes slightly unnatural when you use the main screen to view a game or karaoke.The picture from the external video source will be in the main screen and the picture from the product will be in the PIP sub-
picture screen.
PIP
Main picture Sub picture
 DVI  / HDMI / DisplayPort / MagicInfo AV / Component
AV / Component PC / DVI  / HDMI / DisplayPort / MagicInfo
 • PIP (Off / On ): Activate or deactivate the PIP function.
 • Source : You can select a source of the sub picture.
 • Size ( , , , , , ): Select a size for the subpicture.
 • Position ( , , , , ): Select a position for the sub-picture.
 ―In ( , , ) mode, you cannot select Position.
 • Sound Select (Main / Sub): You can choose to listen to the sound from the Main picture or the Sub picture.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Rotation
MENUm → OnScreen Display → Rotation → ENTERE
Rotation
Rotate menu
Rotate ContentAspect RatioLandscapeLandscape
Full Screen
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Rotate menu
Configure the menu screen.
 • Landscape: Display the menu in landscape mode (default).
 • Portrait: Display the menu in portrait mode on the right side of the product screen.
Rotate Content
Rotate the product screen orientation.
 • Landscape: Display the screen in landscape mode (default).
 • Portrait: Display the screen in portrait mode.
Aspect Ratio
Set the rotated screen to be either full screen or original.
 • Full Screen: Display the rotated screen in full screen.
 • Original: Display the rotated screen in the original aspect ratio.
 ―Available only when Rotate Content is set to Portrait.
 ―This function is disabled when Source  is set to PC.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Protection
MENUm → OnScreen Display → Screen Protection → ENTERE
Screen Protection
Auto Protection Time
Screen Burn ProtectionOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Auto Protection Time
If the screen displays a still image for a certain period of time you define, the product activates the screen saver to prevent the 
formation of burnt in ghost images on the screen.
 • Off / 2 hours / 4 hours / 8 hours / 10 hours
Screen Burn Protection
To reduce the possibility of screen burn, this unit is equipped with Screen Burn Protection screen burn prevention 
technology.
Screen Burn Protection moves the picture slightly on the screen. The Screen Burn Protection Time setting allows you to programme the time between movements of the picture in minutes.
Pixel Shift
Minimize image retention by finely moving pixels horizontally or vertically.
 • Pixel Shift (Off / On )
 ―Horizontal, Vertical and Time are enabled only when Pixel Shift is set to On .
 • Horizontal: Sets how many pixels the screen moves horizontally.
 • Vertical: Sets how many pixels the screen moves vertically.
 • Time: Set the time interval for performing the horizontal or vertical movement, respectively.
Available Pixel Shift Settings and Optimum Settings.
Available Settings Optimum Settings
Horizontal (pixels) 0 ~ 4 4
Vertical (pixels) 0 ~ 4 4
Time (minute) 1 min ~ 4 min 4 min
 ―The Pixel Shift value may differ depending on the product size (inches) and mode.
 ―Displaying a still image or a 4:3 output for an extended period of time may cause image retention. This is not a defect in the 
product.
 ―If Picture Size is set to Screen Fit, Pixel Shift is disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Burn Protection
Pixel Shift
TimerImmediate displaySide GreyOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Timer
You can set the timer for Screen Burn Protection.
The Screen Burn Protection feature stops automatically after a specified period of time.
Timer
OffRepeat: Display the image retention-preventive pattern set in Mode at specified time intervals(Period).Interval : Display the image retention-preventive pattern set in Mode for a specified period of time (from Start Time to End 
Time).
 ―The option is enabled only when Clock Set is configured.
 ―Mode, Period, Time, Start Time and End Time are enabled only when Timer is set to Repeat or Interval .
 • Mode: Select a screen protective pattern to display.
 - Pixel: Pixels on the screen alternate black continuously.
 - Rolling bar: A vertical bar moves left to right.
 - Fading screen: The entire screen becomes brighter, then darker.
 ―The Rolling bar and Fading screen patterns appear only once regardless of the specified repeat period or time.
 • Period: Specify the time interval to activate the Screen Burn Protection function.
 ―The option is enabled when Repeat is selected for Timer.
 • Time: Specify the duration to keep the Screen Burn Protection function on.
 ―Enabled when Timer is set to Repeat and Mode is set to Pixel. 
 • Start Time: Set the start time to activate the screen protection function.
 ―The option is enabled when Interval  is selected for Timer.
 • End Time: Set the end time to deactivate the screen protection function.
 ―The option is enabled when Interval  is selected for Timer.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Burn Protection
Pixel Shift
TimerImmediate displaySide GreyOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Immediate display
Select the screen saver you want to display immediately.
 • Off / Pixel / Rolling bar / Fading screen
Side Grey
When the screen is set to 4:3 aspect ratio, adjust the brightness of white margins on sides to protect the screen.
 • Off / Light / Dark
Message Display
MENUm → OnScreen Display → Message Display → ENTERE
Message Display
Source InfoNo Signal MessageMDC MessageOnOnOn
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Source Info
Select whether to display the source OSD when the input source changes.
 • Off / On
No Signal Message
Select whether to display the no-signal OSD when no signal is detected.
 • Off / On
MDC Message
Select whether to display the MDC OSD when the product is controlled by the MDC.
 • Off / OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Menu Transparency
MENU m → OnScreen Display → Menu Transparency → ENTER E
OnScreen Display
Menu Transparency Medium
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Adjust transparency of menu box.
 • High / Medium / Low
Menu Language
MENU m → OnScreen Display → Menu Language → ENTER E
OnScreen Display
Menu Language English
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Set the menu language.
 ―A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display. It will not be applied to other functions 
on your PC.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reset OnScreen Display
MENU m → OnScreen Display → Reset OnScreen Display → ENTER E
OnScreen Display
Reset OnScreen Display
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Reset all the settings in the OnScreen Display menu to factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Sound Adjustment
Configure the sound ( Sound ) settings for the product.
Sound Mode
MENU m → Sound → Sound Mode → ENTER E
Sound
Sound Mode
Sound EffectHDMI SoundSound on Video CallSpeaker SettingsAuto VolumeReset SoundStandard
AV(HDMI)
Current Source
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.You can select a sound mode to suit your personal preferences.
 • Standard: Selects the normal sound mode.
 • Music: Emphasizes music over voices.
 • Movie: Provides the best sound for movies.
 • Clear Voice: Emphasizes voices over other sounds.
 • Amplify: Increase the intensity of high-frequency sound to allow a better listening experience for the hearing impaired.
 ―If Speaker Settings is set to External, Sound Mode is disabled.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Sound Effect
MENUm → Sound → Sound Effect → ENTERE
Sound Effect
Virtual Surround
Dialog ClarityEqualiserOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Configure your preferred sound effect for output sound.
 ―If Speaker Settings is set to External, Sound Effect is disabled.
 ―Available only when Sound Mode is set to Standard.
Virtual Surround
This function provides a virtual 5.1 channel surround sound experience through a pair of speakers using HRTF(Head Related 
Transfer Function) technology.
 • Off / On
Dialog Clarity
This function allows you to increase the intensity of a voice over background music or sound effects so that dialog can be heard more clearly.
 • Off / On
Equaliser
Use Equaliser to customize sound setting for each speaker.
 • Balance L/R: Adjusts the balance between the right and left speaker.
 • 100Hz / 300Hz / 1kHz / 3kHz / 10kHz (Bandwidth Adjustment): Adjusts the level of specific bandwidth frequencies.
 • Reset: Resets the equalizer to its default settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  HDMI Sound
MENU m → Sound → HDMI Sound → ENTER E
Sound
HDMI Sound AV(HDMI)
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select a speaker that will output sound from the LFD.
 • AV(HDMI) / PC(DVI)
 ―Available only in HDMI and DisplayPort mode.
Sound on Video Call
MENU m → Sound → Sound on Video Call → ENTER E
Sound
Sound on Video Call Current Source
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select sound output to listen to during a video call.
 • Current Source / Video CallDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Speaker Settings
MENU m → Sound → Speaker Settings → ENTER E
Sound
Speaker Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.TV Sound Output
If you are listening to the sound track of a broadcast or movie through an external receiver, you may hear a sound echo caused 
by the difference in decoding speed between the products speakers and the speakers attached to your audio receiver. If this occurs, set the product to External.
 • External / Internal / Receiver
 ―When you set Speaker Settings to External, the products speakers are turned off.
You will hear sound through the external speakers only. When the Speaker Settings is set to Internal, both the product 
speakers and the external speakers are on. You will hear sound through both.
 ―If there is no video signal, both the products speakers and the external speakers will be mute.
Auto Volume
MENU m → Sound → Auto Volume → ENTER E
Sound
Auto Volume Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.The volume can vary depending on the channel.
Automatically equalize the volume level when switching to another channel.
 • Off / Normal / Night
Normal equalizes the volume level on each channel, so that when you change channels, the volume level is the same.Night equalizes and decrease the volume level on each channel, so each channel is quieter. Night is useful at night, when you 
may want to keep the volume low.
 ―To use the volume control of a connected source device, set Auto Volume to Off. A change to the volume control of the 
connected source device may not be applied if Auto Volume is set to Normal or Night.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reset Sound
MENU m → Sound → Reset Sound → ENTER E
Sound
Reset Sound
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Reset all the settings in the Sound menu to factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network
Network Status
MENUm → Network → Network Status → ENTERE
You can check the current network and Internet status.
Network Status
Your wireless network and Internet connection are setup and ready to use.
You are connected to the Internet. If you have any problems using online services, please 
contact your Internet service provider.
Close Retry IP Settings Disconnect
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Network Settings
MENUm → Network → Network Settings → ENTERE
Configure network settings to use various smart hub features such as Internet search, content sharing 
through a home network and feature updates.
Network Settings
Select your network type.
Network Type Wireless
Wireless network
Refresh WPS(PBC)You can connect your 
Device to the internet. Please select which wireless network to use.
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
Network Type
 • Wireless / WiredDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network Settings (Wired)
Connecting to a Wired Network
There are three ways to attach your product to your LAN using cable.
 • You can attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product 
to an external modem using a LAN cable.
See the diagram below.
RJ45
The Modem Port on the Wall External Modem
(ADSL / VDSL)
Modem Cable LAN CableLAN
 • You can attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product 
to an IP Sharer which is connected to an external modem. Use LAN cable for the connection. See the diagram below.
The Modem Port on the WallExternal Modem
(ADSL / VDSL)IP Sharer
(having DHCP server)LAN
Modem Cable LAN Cable LAN CableRJ45 • Depending on how your network is configured, you may be able to attach your product to your LAN by connecting the LAN port on the back of your product directly to a network wall outlet using a LAN cable. 
See the diagram below. Note that the wall outlet is attached to a modem or router elsewhere in 
your house.
The LAN Port on the WallLAN
LAN CableRJ45
If you have a Dynamic Network, you should use an ADSL modem or router that supports the Dynamic 
Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP). Modems and routers that support DHCP automatically provide the IP address, subnet mask, gateway, and DNS values your product needs to access the Internet so you do not have to enter them manually. Most home networks are Dynamic Networks.
Some networks require a Static IP address. If your network requires a Static IP address, you must enter 
the IP address, subnet mask, gateway, and DNS values manually on your product Cable Setup Screen when you set up the network connection. To get the IP address, subnet mask, gateway, and DNS values, contact your Internet Service Provider (ISP).
If you have a Windows computer, you can also get these values through your computer.
 ―You can use ADSL modems that support DHCP if your network requires a Static IP address.
 ―ADSL modems that support DHCP also let you use Static IP addresses.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Set the network connection to use Internet services such as perform software upgrades.
Automatic Network Settings (Wired)
Connect to the network using a LAN cable.
Make sure a LAN cable is connected first.
How to set up automatically
1 Set Network Type to Wired from the Network Settings page.
2 Press the Connect button to start Network Settings.
 -The Connect button is only enabled when the LAN cable is properly connected.
3 The network test screen appears and verifies the network connection.
When the connection has been verified, the “Wired network and Internet connection 
completed.” message appears.
 ―If the connection process fails, check the LAN port connection.
 ―If the automatic process cannot find the network connection values or if you want to set the 
connection manually, go to the next section, network setup.
Manual Network Settings (Wired)
Offices may use static IP addresses.
If this is the case, ask the network administrator for the IP address, subnet mask, gateway and DNS server 
address. Enter these values manually.
Getting the Network Connection Values
To view the Network connection values on most Windows computers, follow these steps.
1 Right click the Network icon on the bottom right of the screen.2 In the pop-up menu that appears, click Status.
3 On the dialog that appears, click the Support tab.
4 On the Support Tab, click the Details button. The Network connection values are displayed.
How to set up manually
1 Set Network Type to Wired from the Network Settings page.
2 Press the Connect button to start Network Settings.
 -The Connect button is only enabled when the LAN cable is properly connected.
3 The network test screen appears and the verification process starts. Press Stop . The verification 
process stops.
4 Select IP Settings on network connection screen. The IP Settings screen appears.
5 Select the field at the top, press E , and then set IP Settings to Enter manually. Repeat the entry 
process for each field in the IP Address.
 ―Setting IP Settings to Enter manually automatically changes DNS Setting to Enter manually.
6 When done, select OK at the bottom of the page, and then press E . The network test screen 
appears and the verification process starts. 
7 When the connection has been verified, the “Wired network and Internet connection 
completed.” message appears.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Network Setting (Wireless)
Connecting to a Wireless Network
The LAN Port on the WallWireless IP sharer
(router having DHCP server)
LAN Cable
Samsung recommends using IEEE 802.11n. When you play video over a network connection, the video 
may not play smoothly.
 ―Select a channel for the wireless IP sharer that is not currently being used. If the channel set for the 
wireless IP sharer is currently being used by another device nearby, this will result in interference and 
communication failure.
 ―Your product supports only the following wireless network security protocols.
If you select the Pure High-throughput (Greenfield) 802.11n mode and the Encryption type is set to WEP , TKIP or TKIP AES (WPS2Mixed) on your AP or wireless router, Samsung products will not support a connection in compliance with new Wi-Fi certification specifications.
 ―If your wireless router supports WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup), you can connect to the network via PBC 
(Push Button Configuration) or PIN (Personal Identification Number). WPS will automatically configure the SSID and WPA key in either mode.
 ―Connection Methods: You can setup the wireless network connection in three ways.
Auto Setup (Using the Auto Network Search function), Manual Setup, WPS(PBC)Automatic Network Setup (Wireless)
Most wireless networks have an optional security system that requires devices that access the network to transmit an encrypted security code called an Access or Security Key. The Security Key is based on 
a Pass Phrase, typically a word or a series of letters and numbers of a specified length you were asked to enter when you set up security for your wireless network. If you use this method of setting up the network connection, and have a Security Key for your wireless network, you will have to enter the Pass Phrase during the the automatic or manual setup process.
How to set up automatically
1 Set Network Type to Wireless from the Network Settings page.
2 The Network function searches for available wireless networks. When done, it displays a list of the 
available networks.
3 In the list of networks, press the ▲ or ▼ button to select a network, and then press the E  button 
twice.
 ―If the desired wireless router does not appear, select Refresh to search again.
 ―If the router cannot be found after retrying, select the Stop  button.
The Add Network button appears.
Select Add Network to add a wireless router to connect to.
4 If the Enter password. screen appears, go to step 5. If you select a wireless router that does not 
have security, go to step 7.
5 If the router has security, enter the Enter password. (Security key or PIN).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6 When done, use the right arrow button to move the cursor to Done, and then press E. The 
network connection screen appears and the verification process starts.
 ―A connection with the router is established, but the Internet cannot be accessed.
7 When the connection has been verified, the “Your wireless network and Internet connection are setup and ready to use.” message appears.
Manual Network Setup (Wireless)
Offices may use static IP addresses.
If this is the case, ask the network administrator for the IP address, subnet mask, gateway and DNS server 
address. Enter these values manually.
Getting the Network Connection Values
To view the Network connection values on most Windows computers, follow these steps.
1 Right click the Network icon on the bottom right of the screen.
2 In the pop-up menu that appears, click Status.
3 On the dialog that appears, click the Support tab.
4 On the Support Tab, click the Details button. The Network connection values are displayed.How to set up manually
1 Set Network Type to Wireless from the Network Settings page.
2 The Network function searches for available wireless networks. When done, it displays a list of the 
available networks.
3 In the list of networks, press the u or d  button to select a network, and then press the E button 
twice.
 ―If the desired wireless router does not appear, select Refresh to search again.
 ―If the router cannot be found after retrying, select the Stop  button.
The Add Network button appears.
Select Add Network to add a wireless router to connect to.
4 If the Enter password. screen appears, go to step 5. If you select a wireless router that does not 
have security, go to step 7.
5 If the router has security, enter the Enter password. (Security key or PIN).
6 When done, use the right arrow button to move the cursor to Done, and then press E. The network connection screen appears and the verification process starts.
7 Select Stop  while network connections are being attempted. This will stop the connection.
8 Select IP Settings on network connection screen. The IP Settings screen appears.
9 Select the field at the top, press E , and then set IP Settings to Enter manually. Repeat the entry 
process for each field in the IP Address.
 ―Setting IP Settings to Enter manually automatically changes DNS Setting to Enter manually.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10 When done, select OK at the bottom of the page, and then press E . The network test screen 
appears and the verification process starts. 
11 When the connection has been verified, the “Your wireless network and Internet connection 
are setup and ready to use.” message appears.
WPS(PBC)
How to set up using WPS(PBC)
If your router has a WPS(PBC) button, follow these steps.
1 Set Network Type to Wireless from the Network Settings page.
2 Select WPS(PBC), press E , and then press E  again.
3 Press the WPS(PBC) button on your router within 2 minutes. Your product automatically acquires all the network setting values it needs and connects to your network.
4 The network connection screen appears, and network setup is done.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  To use this function, your mobile device 
should be supported by the Wi-Fi Direct.Wi-Fi Direct
MENUm → Network → Wi-Fi Direct → ENTERE
Set to connect the product to wireless mobile devices. Using this function, you can connect wireless mobile devices with your product directly without a router.
To connect your mobile device with your product using Wi-Fi Direct, follow these steps:
1 Go to Wi-Fi Direct screen. The product starts to search devices.
2 Turn on the Wi-Fi Direct function on your device. Select the desired Wi-Fi device.
 • PBC (Push Button Configuration): Press the WPS(PBC) button on your Wi-Fi device within 2 minutes. Your product automatically acquires all the network setting 
values it needs and connects to your network.
 • PIN: Input the displayed PIN on your device.
 ―If you want to disconnect the device, select the connected Wi-Fi device, and then select Disconnected.
Multimedia Device Settings
MENUm → Network → Multimedia Device Settings → ENTERE
Allow other devices such as smart phones and tablets on your network, to share content with your product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen Mirroring
MENUm → Network → Screen Mirroring → ENTERE
Connect a mobile device that supports the mirroring function to the product. This allows the screen and 
sound from the mobile device to be outputted on the product. Mirroring refers to outputting the screen and sound from a mobile device on a display device.
 ―To use Screen Mirroring, make sure the mobile device supports the mirroring function such as 
AllShare Cast, WiDi (version 3.5 or higher) and Miracast. To check if the mirroring function is available, visit the mobile device manufacturer website.
 ―Screen or sound output may be choppy if there is network congestion.
Screen Mirroring
Run the mirroring function from the mobile device. The mobile device automatically searches and displays the product in a list.
 ―If the mobile device cannot connect to the product, turn them off and then on again, and try again.
Screen Mirroring Device Manager
Approve/reject a connection request. Server Network Settings
MENUm → Network → Server Network Settings → ENTERE
Connect to server
To run Player connect to a network.
 • If the SSL option is enabled, the server is configured to use https and data transfer is encrypted.
 ―Enter the server IP address and port number. Use 7001 as the port number. (If unable to connect to 
the server using port number 7001, check with your server administrator to find the correct port number and then change the port number.)
MagicInfo Mode
Select the appropriate MagicInfo Mode depending on the environment where you are using the product.
 • MagicInfo
Server Access
Select a method to connect the server network.
 • Allow / Deny
FTP Mode
Specify the FTP operating mode.
 • Active  / PassiveDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Device Name
MENUm → Network → Device Name → ENTERE
Select or enter a device name.This name can be shown on network remote controls over the network.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  System
Setup
MENUm → System → Setup → ENTERE
System
Setup
TimeAuto Source SwitchingPower ControlEco SolutionTemperature ControlDevice Manager77
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Initial settings (Setup)
After turning on the product for the first time, you can configure basic settings such as the language and time. Press 
  the 
button.
1 Selecting a language
Press the u or d button, and then press the E button. Specify the OSD menu language.
2 Rotate menuConfigure the menu page orientation.
 - Landscape / Portrait
3 Network SettingsSet up your network connection. Press the E button to start. If you do not know your network set up information or 
want to set to it later, select Skip . You can set up the network connection later using the Network menu.
 - Wireless / Wired
4 Clock SetSet the current date and time, and then select Next .
5 Play viaSelect the appropriate player mode depending on the environment where you are using the product.
 ―The Play via setting step only appears when connected to the network.
6 Setup CompleteCongratulations! Setup is complete and you're ready to get started.
To watch TV using the product now, select OK.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Touch Control
MENU m → System → Touch Control → ENTER E
System
Touch Control
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Configure touch control related features.
Admin Menu Lock
Set the Admin Menu Lock to display the administrator settings menu when you tap and hold the finger on the screen.
 • Off / OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Time
MENUm → System  → Time → ENTERE
끄기Time
Clock Set
DSTSleep TimerPower On DelayOffOff
0 sec
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Set the current time and sleep timer. Configure the power-on time delay setting to prevent power overload.
Clock Set
Set the current year, date and time.
 ―Press the INFO button if you want to view the current time.
Select Clock Set. Select Date  or Time, and then press E.
Use the number buttons to enter numbers or press the up and down arrow buttons. Use the left and right arrow buttons to 
move from one entry field to the next. Press E  when done.
 ―You can set the Date  and Time directly by pressing the number buttons on the remote control.
DST
Switches the DST (Daylight Saving Time) function on or off.
 • Off / On
 • Start Time: Set the start date of Daylight Saving Time.
 • End Time: Set the end date of Daylight Saving Time.
 • Time Offset: Select the correct time offset your timezone.
Sleep Timer
Automatically shuts off the product after a preset period of time.
(Off / 30 min / 60 min / 90 min / 120 min / 150 min / 180 min)
 ―Use the up and down arrows to select a period of time, and then press E. To cancel Sleep Timer, select Off.
Power On Delay
When connecting multiple products, adjust the power-on time for each product to prevent power overload (within the range 
0–50 seconds).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Auto Source Switching
MENUm → System  → Auto Source Switching → ENTERE
끄기Auto Source Switching
Auto Source Switching
Primary Source RecoveryPrimary SourceSecondary SourceOffOff
All
DVI
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Turning on the display with Auto Source Switching On , and the previous video source selection is not active, the display will 
automatically search the different video input sources for active video.
Auto Source Switching
When the Auto Source Switching is On , the display video source will automatically be searched for active video.
The Primary Source selection will be activated, if the current video source is not recognized.
Secondary Source selection will become active, if no primary video source is available.If both the primary and secondary input sources are not recognized, the display will perform two searches for an active source, 
each search checking the primary and then secondary source. If both searches fail, the display will return to the first video source and display a message indicating that there is no signal.
When the Primary Source selection is set to All , the display will search all the video source inputs twice in sequence looking 
for an active video source, returning back to the first video source in the sequence if no video is found.
Primary Source Recovery
Select whether to restore the selected primary input source when a primary input source is connected.
 ―The Primary Source Recovery function is disabled if Primary Source is set to All .
Primary Source
Specify Primary Source for the automatic input source.
Secondary Source
Specify Secondary Source for the automatic input source.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power Control
MENUm → System  → Power Control → ENTERE
Power Control
Auto Power On
PC module powerMax. Power SavingStandby ControlPower Button
Network StandbyOff
Off
Off
Power on only
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Auto Power On
Enabling this option will automatically power on the product if the power cable is connected.
 • Off / On
PC module power
The PC module can be turned on/off separately from the LFD.
Synced power-on
To turn on the PC module without turning on the LFD, select Off.
 • Off / On
Synced power-off
To turn off the LFD without turning off the PC module, select Off.
 • Off / On
Max. Power Saving
Turns off the product to reduce power consumption after the PC has been left idle for a specified period of time.
 • Off / On
 ―Available only PC, DVI , HDMI, DisplayPort mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Power Control
Auto Power On
PC module powerMax. Power SavingStandby ControlPower Button
Network StandbyOff
Off
Off
Power on only
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Standby Control
You can set the screen standby mode to be applied when an input signal is received.
 • Auto
Power-saving mode will activate if no input signals are detected even though a source device is connected to the display.
The message No Signal will appear if no source device is connected.
 • Off
The message No Signal will appear if no input signals are detected.
 ―The Standby Control option is only enabled when Source  is set to PC, DVI , HDMI or DisplayPort.
 ―If No Signal is displayed although a source device is connected, check the cable connection.
 ―If No Signal Message is set to Off, the No Signal message does not appear. If this is the case, set No Signal Message 
to On .
 • OnPower-saving mode will activate if no input signals are detected.
Power Button
The power button can be set to either turn on the power or turn on/off the power.
 • Power on only: Set the power button to turn on the power.
 • Power on and off: Set the power button to turn on/off the power.
Network Standby
This feature keeps the network power on when the product turns off.
 • Off / OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Eco Solution
MENUm → System  → Eco Solution → ENTERE
끄기Eco Solution
Energy Saving
Screen Lamp ScheduleNo Signal Power Off
Auto Power OffOffOffOffOff
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Energy Saving
Reduce the power consumption by adjusting the screen brightness.
 • Off / Low  / Medium / High
Screen Lamp Schedule
Screen Lamp Schedule
Enable or disable the lamp schedule.
 • Off / On
Schedule 1, Schedule 2
Time
The panel brightness will change to the brightness set in Time at a specified time.
Lamp
Adjust the panel brightness. A value closer to 100 makes the panel brighter.
 • 0 ~ 100
No Signal Power Off
Save power by turning the device off when no signal is received from any source.
 • Off / 15 min / 30 min / 90 min
 ―Disabled when an attached PC is in power saving mode.
 ―The product will automatically power off at a specified time. The time can be changed as required.
Auto Power Off
This feature automatically turns off the product to prevent overheating if the product is left idle for a specified period of time.
 • Off / 4 hours / 6 hours / 8 hoursDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Temperature Control
MENUm → System  → Temperature Control → ENTERE
System
Temperature Control 77
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.This function detects the internal temperature of the product. You can specify the temperature range that is acceptable.
The default temperature is set to 77 C.
The recommended operating temperature for this product is 75 to 80 C (based on an ambient temperature of 40 C).
 ―The screen will become darker if the current temperature exceeds the specified temperature limit. If the temperature 
continues to rise, the product will power off to prevent overheating.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Device Manager
MENUm → System  → Device Manager → ENTERE
Device Manager
Keyboard Settings
Mouse SettingsPointer Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Configure options for external input devices connected to the product.
Keyboard Settings
Connecting a keyboard to the product displays the Keyboard Settings menu.
Select Keyboard
Select a keyboard you want to use from the available connected keyboards.
 ―It is possible to use only one connected keyboard.
Keyboard Options
 ―Depending on the country.
Keyboard Language
Specify the keyboard input language.
Keyboard type
Specify the keyboard type.
Switch Input Language
Configure the key combination used to change the input language.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Device Manager
Keyboard Settings
Mouse SettingsPointer Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Mouse Settings
Connecting a mouse to the product displays the Mouse Settings menu.
Select Mouse
Select a keyboard you want to use from the available connected keyboards.
 ―Among connected mouse devices, only one mouse can be used.
Mouse Options
 ―Depending on the country.
Primary Button
Select a button on the mouse that will perform basic functions (click and select).
 • Left (default) / Right
Pointer Speed
Set the mouse pointer speed.
 • Slow  / Standard / FastDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Device Manager
Keyboard Settings
Mouse SettingsPointer Settings
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Pointer Settings
Specify the pointer size, speed and shape.
Pointer Size
Specify the pointer size.
 • Small / Medium / Large / Extra Large
Pointer Speed
Specify the pointer speed. A higher speed increases the pointer sensitivity.
 • Slow  / Standard / Fast
Pointer Shape
Specify the pointer shape.
 • Image 1 ~ Image 10Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Play via
MENUm → System  → Play via → ENTERE
System
Play via MagicInfo
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Select the appropriate Play via mode depending on the environment where you are using the product.
The home screen may be different depending on the setting.
 • MagicInfo / URL Launcher
 ―Changing Play via mode resets all the settings configured in previous Play via mode.
Change PIN
MENUm → System  → Change PIN → ENTERE
System
Change PIN 77
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.The Change PIN screen will appear.Choose any 4 digits for your PIN and enter it in Enter New PIN. Reenter the same 4 digits in Confirm New PIN.When the Confirm screen disappears, press the Close button. The product has memorized your new PIN.
 ―Default password: 0 - 0 - 0 - 0Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  General
MENUm → System  → General → ENTERE
General
Security
BD WiseAnynet+ (HDMI-CEC)HDMI Hot PlugDivX® Video On Demand
Game ModeOnOnOn
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Security
Configure security settings for broadcast channels.
Safety Lock
It sets safe lock function.
 • Off / On
All the menus and buttons of the product and remote control, except for the LOCK button on the remote control, will be 
locked by the Safety Lock function.
To unlock the menus and buttons, press the LOCK button and then enter the password (default password: 0 - 0 - 0 - 0).
Button Lock
This menu can be used to lock the buttons on the product.Only the remote control can control the product if Button Lock is set to On .
 • Off / On
USB Auto Play Lock
Lock USB memory devices to prevent them from being auto detected.
 • Off / On
BD Wise
Provides the optimal picture quality for Samsung DVD, Blu-ray and Home Theatre products which support BD Wise. When BD 
Wise is turned On , the picture mode is automatically changed to the optimal resolution.
 • Off / On
 ―Available when you connect Samsung products that support BD Wise through an HDMI cable to the product.
 ―The BD Wise function is enabled only when a source device with the BD Wise function is connected.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  General
Security
BD WiseAnynet+ (HDMI-CEC)HDMI Hot PlugDivX® Video On Demand
Game ModeOnOnOn
Off
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)
Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)
Anynet+ is a function that enables you to control all connected Samsung devices that support Anynet+ with your Samsung 
product remote.  The Anynet+ system can be used only with Samsung devices that have the Anynet+ feature. To be sure your Samsung device has this feature, check if there is an Anynet+ logo on it.
 ―You can only control Anynet+ devices using the product remote control, not the buttons on the product.
 ―The product remote control may not work under certain conditions. If this occurs, reselect the Anynet+ device.
 ―Anynet+ works when the AV device supporting Anynet+ is in the standby or on status.
 ―While in PIP mode, Anynet+ functions only when an AV device is connected as the primary display. It does not work if the 
AV device is connected as a secondary display.
 ―Anynet+ supports up to 12 AV devices in total. Note that you can connect up to 3 devices of the same type.
Anynet+ Menu
The Anynet+ menu changes depending on the type and status of the Anynet+ devices connected to the product.
Anynet+ Menu Description
View PC Changes Anynet+ mode to PC mode.
Device List Shows the Anynet+ device list.
(device_name) Menu Shows the menu of the connected device menus. E.g. if a DVD player is connected, the disc menu of the DVD player will appear.
(device_name) Tools Shows the tools menu of the connected device. E.g. if a DVD player is connected, the tools menu of the DVD player will appear.
 ―Depending on the device, this menu may not be available.
(device_name) Title Menu Shows the title menu of the disc in the connected device. E.g. If a DVD player is connected, the title menu of the movie in the DVD player will appear.
 ―Depending on the device, this menu may not be available.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)
Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)
Auto Turn OffSearch for DevicesOff
No
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Auto Turn Off
Setting an Anynet+ Device to turn Off automatically when the product is turned off.
 • No / Yes
 ―If Auto Turn Off is set to Yes , running external devices will turn off at the same time as the product powers off.
 ―May not be enabled depending on the device.
Search for Devices
1 Press the TOOLS button, select Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC), and then press E .
2 Select Search for Devices, and then press the E button.
If you cannot find a device you want, select Refresh to refresh the list.
3 Select a device, and then press the E  button. You can switch to the selected device.
 ―The Search for Devices menu appears only when you set Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) to On  in the System  menu.
 ―Switching to the selected device may take up to 2 minutes. You cannot cancel the switching operation while switching is in 
progress.
 ―If you have selected an Anynet+ device by pressing the SOURCE button and then selecting its input source, you cannot use 
the Anynet+ function.
 ―Make sure to switch to an Anynet+ device by using the Search for Devices.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting for Anynet+
Problem Possible Solution
Anynet+ does not work.  • Check if the device is an Anynet+ device. The Anynet+ system supports Anynet+ devices only.
 • You can connect only one receiver (home theatre).
 • Check if the Anynet+ device power cord is properly connected.
 • Check the Anynet+ device’s Video/Audio/HDMI cable connections.
 • Check whether Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) is set to On  in the System  menu.
 • Check whether the remote control is Anynet+ compatible.
 • Anynet+ doesn’t work in certain situations. (initial setup)
 • If you have removed and then reconnected the HDMI cable, please make sure to search devices again or turn your product 
off and on again.
 • Check if the Anynet+ function of the Anynet device is set on.
I want to start Anynet+.  • Check if the Anynet+ device is properly connected to the product and check if the Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC)  is set to On in the 
System  menu.
 • Press the TOOLS button to display the Anynet+ menu and select a menu you want.
I want to exit Anynet+.  • Select View PC in the Anynet+ menu.
 • Press the SOURCE button on the product remote control and select a non- Anynet+ device.
The message “Disconnecting Anynet+  device ...” appears on the screen.  • You cannot use the remote control when you are configuring Anynet+ or switching to a view mode.
 • Use the remote control after the product has completed Anynet+ configuration or has finished switching to Anynet+.
The Anynet+ device does not play.  • You cannot use the play function when initial setup is in progress.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Problem Possible Solution
The connected device is not 
displayed. • Check whether or not the device supports Anynet+ functions.
 • Check whether or not the HDMI cable is properly connected.
 • Check whether Anynet+ (HDMI-CEC) is set to On  in the System  menu.
 • Search Anynet+ devices again.
 • Anynet+ requires an HDMI connection. Make sure the device is connected to your product with an HDMI cable.
 • Some HDMI cables may not support Anynet+ functions.
 • If the connection is terminated because there has been a power failure or the HDMI cable has been disconnected, please repeat the device scan.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  General
Security
BD WiseAnynet+ (HDMI-CEC)HDMI Hot PlugDivX® Video On Demand
Game ModeOffOffOff
On
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.HDMI Hot Plug
This feature is used to activate the time delay to turn on a DVI/HDMI source device.
 • Off / On
DivX® Video On Demand
Shows the registration code authorized for the product. 
If you connect to the DivXⓇ web site and register using that code, you can download the VOD registration file.For more information about DivXⓇ VOD, visit “http://vod.divx.com” .
Game Mode
When connecting to a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™, you can enjoy a more realistic gaming experience by 
selecting game mode.
 • Off / On
 ―Precautions and limitations for Game Mode
To disconnect the game console and connect another external device, set Game Mode to Off in the setup menu.
 ―Game Mode is not available when the input source is set to PC, DVI  or DisplayPort.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reset System
MENUm → System  → Reset System → ENTERE
System
Reset System
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Reset all the settings in the System  menu to factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Support
Software Update
MENU m → Support → Software Update → ENTER E
The Software Update menu lets you upgrade your product software to the latest version.
 ―Be careful not to turn off the power until the upgrade is complete. The product will turn off and on automatically after completing the software upgrade.
 ―When you upgrade software, all video and audio settings you have made will return to their default settings. We advise you to write down your settings so that you can 
easily reset them after the upgrade.
Update now
Update the software to the latest version.
Auto update
This feature automatically updates the product when not in use. 
 • Off / On
Contact Samsung
MENU m → Support → Contact Samsung → ENTER EView this information when your product does not work properly or when you want to upgrade the software.You can find information regarding our call centres and how to download products and software.
 ―Contact Samsung and find the product Model Code and Software Version. -Current Version: This is the software 
version already installed in the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Go to Home to play a variety of content from a memory device or a connected network.
Player
Search or play channels or content saved on devices.
Schedule
Create content schedules in local channels or edit saved channels.
Template
To create content, select a template.
Clone Product
Export the product settings to a USB device or load the settings via a USB device.
This option is useful when assigning the same settings to several products.
ID Settings
Assign an ID to a set.Press u/d to select a number, and press E .Go to Home
Accessible using the HOME  button on the remote control.
MENU m → Support → Go to Home → ENTER E
Player
Play various contents sych as scheduled 
channels, templates or files.
Clone Product
Picture ModeID SettingsOn/Off TimerVideo WallTickerNetwork StatusMore settingsSchedule Template
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 -Refer to the "Home feature" chapter for details on sub-menu items.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Video Wall
Customize the layout of multiple displays that are connected to form a video wall.
In addition, display part of a whole picture or repeat the same picture on each of the connected multiple displays.To display multiple images, refer to MDC Help or the MagicInfo user guide. Some models may not support the MagicInfo function.
Network Status
Check the current network and Internet connection.
Picture Mode
Select a picture mode (Picture Mode) suitable for the environment where the product will be used.
On/Off Timer
 ―You must set the clock before you can use On/Off Timer.
Set On Timer so that your product turns on automatically at a time and on a day of your choosing.The power is turned on with the specified volume or input source.
Ticker
Input text while a video or image is displayed and display the text on the screen.
More settings
The picture settings menu appears.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Reset All
MENU m → Support → Reset All → ENTER E
Support
Reset All
 -The displayed image may differ depending on the model.This option returns all the current settings for a display to the default factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Playing photos, videos and music (Media Play)
Play photos, videos or music saved on a storage device.
Play a variety of content using the following methods.
 • Using a USB device: Play media content such as videos, photos and music from a USB device.
 • Connecting a storage device: Play media content saved on a storage device such as a smartphone, camera, PC or cloud service.
Read the following before using media play with a USB device
Caution
 • Before connecting a USB device to the product, back up files to ensure your data is not damaged or lost.
Samsung Electronics is not liable for any damage or loss of data.
 • Do not remove a USB device while it is loading.
 • If a USB device is connected using a USB extension cable, the USB device may not be recognized or files saved on the device may not be able to be read.
 • If the product does not recognize a connected USB device, the files on the USB device may be corrupted or may not be able to be played.If this occurs, connect the USB device to the PC to format the device, then make sure the device is connected properly.
 • USB HDD greater than 2TB is not supported.Enjoy videos, photos, music files saved on a USB Mass Storage Class (MSC) device.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Compatible devices with media play
 • Some USB digital cameras, smartphones and audio devices may not be compatible with the product.
 • Media play is only compatible with USB MSC devices.
 • MSC device refers to a Mass Storage Class Bulk-Only Transport device. 
Examples of MSC devices include Thumb drives, Flash card readers and USB HDDs. (USB hubs are not supported.) 
These MSC devices must be connected directly to a USB port on the product.
 • If more than one Picture Transfer Protocol (PTP) device is connected, only one will work at a time.
 • If multiple MSC devices are connected, some devices may not be recognized. USB devices that require high power (higher than 500mA or 5V) may not be supported.
 • If an overheating warning message appears when a USB device is connected or used, the USB device may not be recognized or function properly.
 • The screensaver activates if the product is left idle for a period of time specified in Auto Protection Time.
 • Power-saving mode on some external hard disk drives may automatically deactivate after connecting to the product.
File system and formats
 • Media play may not function properly with unlicenced multimedia files.
 • Media Transfer Protocol (MTP) is not supported.
 • Supported file systems include FAT16, FAT32 and NTFS (read only).
 • Media play supports the sequential JPEG format.
It does not support the progressive JPEG format.
 • Images with a higher resolution take longer to be displayed on the screen.
 • The maximum JPEG resolution supported is 15360x8640 pixels.
 • If a file is incompatible or corrupted, a message Not Supported File Format. appears.
 • When sorting files in folder view mode, a maximum of 1000 files can be displayed in each folder.
 • If a USB device contains 8000 files and folders or more, some files and folders may not open.
 • DRM MP3 files downloaded from websites that charge a fee cannot be played. Digital Rights Management (DRM) refers to a system for protecting the copyrights of data circulated via the Internet or other digital media by enabling secure 
distribution and/or disabling illegal distribution of the data.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Using a USB device
Connecting a USB device
1 Turn on your product.
2 Connect a USB device containing photo, music and/or movie files to the USB port on the back or side panel of the product.
3 The Player page automatically appears as soon as a USB device connects to the product.
 ―If only one USB device is connected, files saved on the USB device are displayed automatically.
 ―To view content saved on a USB device, connect the USB device to a USB port on the product.
Removing a USB device
Removing a USB device from Source
1 Press SOURCE on the remote control. Alternatively, go to Source  using the OSD menu.
SOURCE  → Source
2 Select USB from Source , and then press the TOOLS button on the remote control. The Options menu is displayed.
3 Select Disconnect USB Device and wait until the USB device is disconnected. The USB device is disconnected.It is recommended to use a USB HDD that 
has a power adapter.
It is recommended to remove a USB device using the Disconnect USB Device function.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Playing media content from a PC/mobile device
Approving a PC/mobile device connection
Play photos, videos or music saved on a PC or mobile device.
To play media content from a PC or mobile device on the product, the connection with the PC or mobile device must be approved.
 ―The media playback feature is available on any devices that support DLNA DMC. The DLNA DMC feature allows you to search media content and control content 
playback from a product after connecting a PC or mobile device to the product.
1 Press SOURCE on the remote control. Alternatively, go to Source  using the OSD menu.
SOURCE  → Source
2 Select Network from Source . The Network Device menu appears.
3 Select Options from the screen, and then select Multimedia Device Settings. A list of devices connected to the product will appear.
4 Select a device and approve the device connection. Playback is only available on devices that are permitted to connect.
 ―Sending a media content playback request from a PC or mobile device displays a prompt asking if connection with the product is permitted. Conveniently connect 
the devices using the prompt.
 ―For details on how to configure a network, refer to the section Network Settings.
 ―Ensure the product and PC are connected to the same network subnet. 
All IP addresses are made up of four parts separated by dots.
(E.g. IP address 111.222.333.444) The product should have the same IP address as the PC, except for the fourth part of the address, if they are connected to the same 
subnet. (E.g. 111.222.333.***)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  When connected to a home network (DLNA)
Play content saved on a device connected to a home network.
 ―Playing media content using a non-Samsung DLNA server may result in a compatibility issue. 
 ―Playback of some media content shared with a PC or mobile device may not be possible depending on the content encoding type or the content file format. Some 
functions may not be available.
 ―Media content may not play properly if there is network congestion. If this is the case, use a USB device.
1 Press SOURCE on the remote control. Alternatively, go to Source  using the OSD menu.
SOURCE  → Source
2 Select Network from Source . The Network Device menu appears.
3 Select a device connected via the home network (DLNA). A list of files and folders shared with the selected device will appear.
4 Select media content to play from the list. Play the selected media content.
Features provided in the media content list page
SOURCE → Source  → USB
The media content list page on a storage device provides the following features.
 • Sort by
Rearrange the media content list under the selected file format in a desired view mode.
 -This menu item is not available if Filter is set to All .
 • FilterAmong Photos, Videos and Music content saved on a storage device, view content files under a desired file format only.
 • Options
 -This menu item is not available if Filter is set to All .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Menu items in the media content list page
Option Name Operations Photos Videos Music
Slide Show Start a slideshow.
 ―This menu item is not available if Sort by is set to Folder.c
Encoding Select an encoding language if the title of media content appears corrupted. c
Rename Playlist Rename a playlist. c
Delete Playlist Delete a playlist. c
Add to Playlist Add files to a playlist or create a new playlist. c
Play Selected Select and play desired content from the media content list. c c c
Send Send media content to another storage device. This is similar to the "copy" feature 
on PCs.c c c
Index Select an index to conveniently locate media content if a storage device contains a lot of media content.
 ―Provided indices include dates and alphanumeric characters.
 ―This menu item is not available if Sort by is set to Folder.c c cDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Available buttons and features during photo playback
Pressing the E or TOOLS button displays the following buttons. The RETURN button makes the buttons disappear.
 • Pause / Play
Start or stop a slideshow. Using a slideshow, it is possible to play all photos in a folder.
 • Previous / NextView the previous or next photo.
 • Settings
Option Name Operations
Slideshow Settings Speed: Change the slideshow speed.
Effects: Apply transition effects between photos.
Rotate Rotate photos.
Zoom Zoom in on photos up to 4x.
Picture Mode Change the Picture Mode.
Background Music Play background music while viewing photos.
 ―Make sure a music file is saved on the same device.
 ―The mini player is displayed while background music (Background Music) is playing. Using the mini player, pause the music currently 
playing or change to another music.
Sound Mode Change the Sound Mode.
 ―This menu item is only available when background music (Background Music) is playing.
Select Speakers Select a speaker that will output the background music ( Background Music).
 ―This menu item is only available when background music (Background Music) is playing.
Send Send open photos to another storage device. This is similar to the "copy" feature on PCs.
Information View information about a file. -Pressing the INFO button while a 
device name is selected will display information about the selected device.
 -Pressing the INFO button while a file is selected will display information about the selected file.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Available buttons and features 
during video playback
Pressing the E or TOOLS button displays the following buttons. The RETURN 
button makes the buttons disappear.
 • Pause / Play
Pause or play a video.
The following features are available in pause mode. Note that sound cannot 
be heard in pause mode.
 • Rewind / Fast Forward
Rewind or fast forward a video. Speed up playback up to 3x, if required. To 
change the playback speed to the original speed, select ∂.
 • Previous / Next
To play the previous video, select  twice. Selecting  once will play the 
current video from the beginning.
To play the next video, select ‚.
 • SettingsOption Name Operations
Select Scene Thumbnails: Select a scene and play the video from the scene.
 ―Thumbnails is not available if 1) the thumbnail of the video is not extracted yet, 2) the video 
contains audio only or 3) the video play time is shorter than 60 seconds.
Chapter Titles: Select and play another video in the same folder.
Time Bar: You can use the l and r buttons to scan through the file in 10-second intervals or 
enter a specific time value to jump to that point in the video.
Repeat Configure Repeat.
Repeat One: Play the current video repeatedly.Repeat All: Play all videos in a folder repeatedly.
Rotate Rotate an image.
Picture Size Change the screen size (Picture Size). Supported screen sizes vary depending on the image.
Picture Mode Change the Picture Mode.
Sound Mode Change the Sound Mode.
Select Speakers Select a speaker that will output sound from the product.
Audio Language Play a video using a desired language. This feature only activates when a streaming file that 
supports multiple audio formats is playing.
Information View information about a file.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Available buttons and features during music playback
Pressing the E or TOOLS button displays the following buttons. The RETURN button makes the buttons disappear.
 • Pause / Play
Pause or play music.
 • Rewind / Fast ForwardRewind or fast forward music. Speed up playback up to 3x, if required. To play the previous music file, select ∂ twice.
 • Previous / NextTo play the previous music file, select  twice. Selecting  once will play the current music from the beginning.
To play the next music file, select ‚.
 • RepeatConfigure Repeat mode. Repeat One plays the current music file repeatedly. Repeat All plays all files in a folder repeatedly.
 • ShuffleEnable or disable shuffle playback mode.
 • Select SpeakersSelect a speaker that will output sound from the product.
 • Sound ModeChange the Sound Mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Supported Subtitle and Media play file formats
Subtitle
External Internal
 • MPEG-4 timed text (.ttxt)
 • SAMI (.smi)
 • SubRip (.srt)
 • SubViewer (.sub)
 • Micro DVD (.sub or .txt)
 • SubStation Alpha (.ssa)
 • Advanced SubStation Alpha (.ass)
 • Powerdivx (.psb) • Xsub
Container: AVI
 • SubStation AlphaContainer: MKV
 • Advanced SubStation AlphaContainer: MKV
 • SubRipContainer: MKV
 • MPEG-4 timed textContainer: MP4
Supported image resolutions
File Extension Type Resolution
*.jpg, *.jpeg JPEG 15360 x 8640
*.png PNG 1920 x 1080
*.bmp BMP 1920 x 1080
*.mpo MPO 15360 x 8640Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Supported music file formats
File Extension Type Codec Comments
*.mp3 MPEG MPEG1 Audio Layer 3
*.m4a, *.mpa, *.aac, *.3ga MPEG4 AAC
*.flac FLAC FLAC The Seek (jump) function is not supported.
Supports up to 2 channel
Supported Video Formats
 • Video content will not play, or not play correctly, if there is an error in the content or the container.
 • Sound or video may not work if the contents have a standard bitrate/frame rate above the compatible Frame/sec listed in the table above.
 • If the Index Table is in error, the Seek (Jump) function is not supported.
 • You may experience file stuttering while playing a video through a network connection.
 • The menu may take longer to appear if the video’s bit rate exceeds 10Mbps.
 • Some USB/digital camera devices may not be compatible with the player.
Video Decoder Audio Decoder
Supports up to H.264, Level 4.1H.264 FMO / ASO / RS, VC1 SP / MP / AP L4 and AVCHD are not supported.For all Video codecs except MVC, VP8, VP6:
 • Below 1280 x 720: 60 frame max
 • Above 1280 x 720: 30 frame max
GMC 2 over is not supported.Supports only BD MVC Spec.Supports up to WMA 10 Pro 5.1 channel. WMA lossless audio is not supported.QCELP , AMR NB/WB are not supported.If Vorbis is only in Webm container, supports up to 2 channel.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  File 
ExtensionContainer Video Codec Resolution Frame rate
(fps)Bit rate(Mbps)Audio Codec
*.avi
*.mkv*.asf*.wmv*.mp4*.mov*.3gp*.vro*.mpg*.mpeg*.ts*.tp*.trp*.mov*.flv*.vob*.svi*.m2ts*.mts*.divxAVI
MKVASFMP43GPVROVOBPSTSDivX 3.11 / 4.x / 5.x / 6.x 1920 x 1080 6~30 30
AC3
LPCMADMPCM(IMA, MS)AACHE-AACWMADD+MPEG(MP3)DTS CoreG.711(ALaw,μ-Law)
MPEG4 SP / ASP
H.264 BP / MP / HPMotion JPEGWindow Media Video v9
MPEG2
MPEG1
VP6 640 x 480 4
MVC 1920 x 1080 24 / 25 / 30 40
*.webm WebMVP8 6 ~ 30 8VorbisDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Troubleshooting Guide
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung Customer Service Centre
Before calling Samsung Customer Service 
Centre, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, contact Samsung Customer Service Centre.Testing the Product
Check if your product is operating normally by using the product test function.
If the screen remains blank while the power LED blinks even when the product is correctly connected to a PC, perform product testing.
1 Power off both the PC and product.
2 Disconnect all the cables from the product.
3 Power on the product.
4 If No Signal is displayed, the product is operating normally.
Checking the Resolution and Frequency
Not Optimum Mode will briefly be displayed if a mode that exceeds a supported resolution is selected(refer to Supported Resolutions).If the screen remains blank, check the PC 
system, video controller and cable.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Check the followings.
Installation issue (PC mode)
The screen keeps switching on and off. Check the cable connection between the product and PC, and ensure the connection is secure.
Blank spaces are found on all four sides of the screen when 
an HDMI or HDMI-DVI cable is connected to the product and PC.The blank spaces found on the screen have nothing to do with the product.
Blank spaces on the screen are caused by the PC or graphics card. To resolve the problem, adjust the 
screen size in the HDMI or DVI settings for the graphics card.
If the graphics card settings menu does not have an option to adjust the screen size, update the 
graphics card driver to the latest version.
(Please contact the graphics card or computer manufacturer for further details about how to adjust 
the screen settings.)
PC is shown in Source  when a PC is not connected. PC is always shown in Source  irrespective of whether or not a PC is connected.
Screen issue
The power LED is off. The screen will not switch on. Make sure that the power cord is connected.
No Signal is displayed on the screen (refer to "Connecting to 
a PC").Check that the product is connected correctly with a cable
Check that the device connected to the product is powered on.
Not Optimum Mode is displayed. This message is displayed when a signal from the graphics card exceeds the product's maximum 
resolution and frequency.
Refer to the Standard Signal Mode Table and set the maximum resolution and frequency according to 
the product specifications.
The images on the screen look distorted. Check the cable connection to the productDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen issue
The screen is not clear. The screen is blurry. Adjust Coarse and Fine.
Remove any accessories (video extension cable, etc) and try again.Set the resolution and frequency to the recommended level.
The screen appears unstable and shaky. Check that the resolution and frequency of the PC and graphics card are set within a range compatible 
with the product. Then, change the screen settings if required by referring to the Additional Information on the product menu and the Standard Signal Mode Table.
There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too dark. Adjust Brightness and Contrast.
Screen colour is inconsistent. Go to Picture and adjust the Colour Space settings.
White does not really look white. Go to Picture and adjust the White Balance settings.
There is no image on the screen and the power LED blinks 
every 0.5 to 1 second.The product is in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to return to the previous screen.
The product will turn off automatically. Go to Picture and make sure Sleep Timer is set to Off.If a PC is connected to the product, check the power status of the PC.Make sure the power cable is connected properly to the product and power outlet.If the signal from a connected device is not detected, the product automatically turns off after 10 to 15 
minutes.
Picture quality of the product is different from the dealer 
shop where it was purchased.Use an HDMI cable to obtain high-definition (HD) picture quality.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Screen issue
The screen display does not look normal. Encoded video content may cause the display to appear corrupted in scenes featuring fast moving 
objects such as in a sports event or action video.
Low signal level or low picture quality may cause the display to appear corrupted. This does not mean 
the product is defective.
A cell phone within a distance of one-meter radius may cause static on analogue and digital products.
The brightness and colour do not look normal. Go to Picture and adjust the screen settings such as Picture Mode, Colour, Brightness and 
Sharpness.
Go to System  and adjust the Energy Saving settings.
Reset the screen settings to the default settings.
Broken lines are displayed on the edges of the screen. If Picture Size is set to Screen Fit, change the setting to 16:9.
Lines (red, green or blue) are displayed on the screen. These lines are displayed when there is a defect in DATA SOURCE DRIVER IC on the monitor. Contact a 
Samsung Service Centre to resolve the issue.
The display looks unstable and then freezes. The screen may freeze when a resolution other than the recommended resolution is used or if the signal is not stable. To resolve the issue, change the PC resolution to the recommended resolution.
The screen cannot be displayed in full screen. A scaled SD (4:3) content file can cause black bars on both sides of an HD channel screen.
A video with an aspect ratio different from the product can cause black bars at the top and bottom of 
the screen.
Change the screen size setting to full screen on the product or source device.
Sound issue
There is no sound. Check the connection of the audio cable or adjust the volume.Check the volume.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Sound issue
The volume is too low. Adjust the volume.
If the volume is still low after turning it up to the maximum level, adjust the volume on your PC sound 
card or software programme.
Video is available but there is no sound. If an HDMI cable is connected, check the audio output settings on the PC.
Go to Sound and change Speaker Settings to Internal.If a source device is used
 • Make sure the audio cable is properly connected to the audio input port on the product.
 • Check the audio output settings for the source device.
(For example, if an HDMI cable is connected to the monitor, the audio setting for the cable box 
may need to be changed to HDMI.)
If a DVI-HDMI cable is used, a separate audio cable is required.
If the product has a headphone port, make sure nothing is connected to it.Reconnect the power cable to the device and then reboot the device.
There is static coming from the speakers. Check the cable connection. Make sure a video cable is not connected to an audio input port.
Check the signal strength after connecting a cable.
Low signal level can cause corrupted sound.
There is audible sound when the volume is muted. When Speaker Settings is set to External, the volume button and mute function are disabled.
Adjust the volume for the external speakers.
Audio settings for main speakers are separate from the internal speakers on the product.
Changing or muting the volume on the product does not affect an external amplifier(decoder).
Sound from the monitor does not change after Sound Mode 
is changed.Audio settings for main speakers are separate from the internal speakers on the product.
Audio settings on a source device do not affect the internal speaker settings on the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Sound issue
There is an echo sound coming from the speakers. Different decoding speeds between the product speakers and external speakers can cause an echo.
In this case, set Speaker Settings to External.
Remote control issue
The remote control does not work. Make sure that the batteries are correctly in place (+/-).
Check if the batteries are flat.Check for power failure.Make sure that the power cord is connected.Check for any special lighting or neon signs switched on in the vicinity.
Source device issue
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is booting. If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is booting, have your PC serviced.
Other issue
The product smells like plastic. The plastic smell is normal and disappears over time.
The monitor appears tilted. Remove and then attach the stand again to the product.
Audio or video cuts out intermittently. Check the cable connection and connect it again if required.Using a very hard or thick cable may corrupt audio and video files.
Make sure cables are flexible enough to ensure durability. When mounting the product onto a wall, it 
is recommended to use right-angle cables.
Small particles are found on the edges of the product. The particles are part of the product design. The product is not defective.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Other issue
The PIP menu is not available. The menu is enabled or disabled depending on the Source  mode.
When I try to change the PC resolution, a message "Not 
Optimum Mode " appears.The message "Not Optimum Mode" appears if the input source resolution exceeds the maximum 
resolution of the display.
To resolve the issue, change the PC resolution to a resolution supported on the display.
There is no sound from the speakers in HDMI mode when a 
DVI-HDMI cable is connected.DVI cables do not transmit sound data.
Make sure to connect the audio cable to the correct input jack to enable audio.
HDMI Black Level is not functioning properly on an HDMI 
device with YCbCr output.This function is available only when a source device, such as a DVD player and STB, is connected to the 
product via an HDMI (RGB signal) cable.
There is no sound in HDMI mode. Displayed picture colours may not look normal. Video or sound may not be available. This can occur if a source device that only supports an older version of the HDMI standard is connected to the product.
If these issues occur, connect an audio cable along with the HDMI cable.
Some PC graphics cards may not automatically recognize HDMI signals that do not include sound. In 
this case, manually select a sound input.
Sound input Screen mode
PC Auto PC settings
DVI PC Audio In(Stereo ports ) PC settings
The IR sensor is not functioning. Check to see if any jack is disconnected from the product.
In power-saving mode, when the input source is DisplayPort , 
PC display settings cannot be saved.Go to System  → Power Control and set Max. Power Saving to Off. Alternatively, configure the PC 
display output settings again. Ensure the set is turned on.
When booting the PC with the input source set to 
DisplayPort , the BIOS and booting screens do not appear.Boot the PC when the set is turned on or when the input source is not DisplayPort.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Q & A
Question Answer
How can I change the frequency? Set the frequency on your graphics card.
 • Windows XP: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Themes → Display → Settings → 
Advanced → Monitor and adjust the frequency in Monitor Settings.
 • Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel → Display → Settings → Advanced → Monitor and 
adjust the frequency in Monitor Settings.
 • Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Personalize → Display Settings → Advanced Settings → Monitor and adjust the frequency in  Monitor Settings.
 • Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Display →  Adjust resolution → Advanced Settings → Monitor and adjust the frequency in  Monitor Settings.
 • Windows 8: Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization →  Display → Adjust resolution → Advanced Settings → Monitor and adjust the frequency in Monitor Settings.
How can I change the resolution?  • Windows XP: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Themes → Display → Settings and 
adjust the resolution.
 • Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel → Display → Settings and adjust the resolution.
 • Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Personalize → Display Settings and adjust the resolution.
 • Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → Display →  Adjust Resolution and adjust the resolution.
 • Windows 8: Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization →  Display → Adjust Resolution and adjust the resolution. -Refer to the user manual for your PC or 
graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Question Answer
How do I set powersaving mode?  • Windows XP: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Themes → Display 
→ Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 • Windows ME/2000: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Display →  
Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 • Windows Vista: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization 
→ Personalize → Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 • Windows 7: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization → 
Personalize → Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 • Windows 8: Set power-saving mode in Settings → Control Panel →  Appearance and Personalization → Personalize → Screen Saver Settings or BIOS SETUP on the PC.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Specifications
 -Size
 -Display area
H
V
 -Dimensions (W x H x D)
WD
HGeneral
Model Name UE46D UE55D
Panel Size 46 Class (45.9 Inches / 116 cm) 55 Class (54.6 Inches / 138 cm)
Display area 1018.08 mm (H) x 572.67 mm (V)
40.1 inches (H) x 22.5 inches (V)1209.6 mm (H) x 680.4 mm (V)47.6 inches (H) x 26.8 inches (V)
Dimensions (W x H x D) 1030.9 x 585.4 x 31.3 mm40.6 x 23.0 x 1.2 inches1222.4 x 693.2 x 31.3 mm48.1 x 27.3 x 1.2 inches
Weight (without stand) 10.0 kg / 22.0 Ibs 13.3 kg / 29.3 Ibs
Power Supply This product uses 100 to 240V. Refer to the label at the back of the product as the standard voltage can vary in different 
countries.
Environmental 
considerationsOperating Temperature : 32 F ~ 104 F (0 C ~ 40 C)
Humidity : 10 % ~ 80 %, non-condensing
Storage Temperature : -4 F ~ 113 F (-20 C ~ 45 C)
Humidity : 5 % ~ 95 %, non-condensingDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine   ―Plug-and-Play
This monitor can be installed and used with any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. Two-way data exchange between the monitor and PC system optimizes the monitor 
settings.
Monitor installation takes place automatically. However, you can customize the installation settings if desired.
 ―Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) may appear brighter or darker on the panel. This does not affect 
product performance.
 ―This device is a Class A digital apparatus.
[Recommendation] - EU Only
 • Hereby, Samsung Electronics, declares that this Monitor is in compliance with the essential requirements and other 
relevant provisions of Directive 1999/5/EC.
 • The official Declaration of Conformity may be found at http://www.samsung.com/displaysolutions, go to Support > Search Product Support and enter the model name.
 • This equipment may be operated in all EU countries.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  PowerSaver
The power-saving function of this product reduces power consumption by switching off the screen and changing the colour of the power LED if the product is not used 
for a specified period of time. The power is not turned off in power-saving mode. To switch the screen back on, press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse. Power-savign mode only functions when the product is connected to a PC with a power-saving function.
PowerSaver Normal Operation Power saving mode Power off Power off
(Power Button off)Rating Typical Max
Power Consumption UE46D 120 W 115 W 132 W Less than 0.5 W Less than 0.5 W 0 W
UE55D 140 W 135 W 154 W Less than 0.5 W Less than 0.5 W 0 W
 ―The displayed power consumption level can vary in different operating conditions or when settings are changed.
 ―SOG(Sync On Green) is not supported.
 ―To reduce the power consumption to 0, turn off the switch at the back or disconnect the power cord. Disconnect the power cable if you will not be using the product 
for an extended period of time (during vacation, etc.).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Preset Timing Modes
 ―This product can be set to only one resolution for each screen size to obtain the optimum picture quality due to the nature of the panel. Using a resolution other than 
the specified resolution may degrade the picture quality. To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum resolution specified for your product.
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30 ~ 81 kHz
Vertical Frequency 48 ~ 75 Hz
Resolution Optimum resolution 1920 x 1080 @ 60 Hz
Maximum resolution 1920 x 1080 @ 60 Hz
The screen will automatically be adjusted if a signal that belongs to the following standard signal modes is transmitted from your PC. If the signal transmitted from the PC 
does not belong to the standard signal modes, the screen may be blank with the power LED on. In such a case, change the settings according to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manual.
Resolution Horizontal Frequency
(kHz)Vertical Frequency(Hz)Pixel Clock(MHz)Sync Polarity(H/V)
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+ -Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line 
from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is measured in kHz.
 -Vertical FrequencyThe product displays a single image multiple times per second (like a fluorescent light) to display what the viewer sees. The rate of a single image being displayed repeatedly per second is called vertical frequency or refresh rate. Vertical frequency is measured in Hz.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Resolution Horizontal Frequency
(kHz)Vertical Frequency(Hz)Pixel Clock(MHz)Sync Polarity(H/V)
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1366 x 768 47.712 59.790 85.500 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+
VESA, 1600 x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+
VESA,1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Appendix
Responsibility for the Pay Service  
(Cost to Customers)
 ―When the service is requested, in spite of in warranty, we may charge you for a visit from a service 
technician in the following cases.
Not a product defect
Cleaning of the product, Adjustment, Explanation, Re-installation and etc.
 • If a service technician gives instructions on how to use product or simply adjusts options without 
disassembling product.
 • If a defect is caused by external environmental factors (Internet, Antenna, Wired Signal, etc.)
 • If a product is reinstalled or devices are connected additionally after installing the purchased product for the first time.
 • If a product is reinstalled to move to a different spot or to move to a different house.
 • If customer requests instructions on how to use because of another company's product.
 • If customer requests instructions on how to use the network or another company's programme.
 • If customer requests software installation and setup for the product.
 • If a service technician removes/cleans dusts or foreign materials inside of the product.
 • If customer requests an installation additionally after purchasing a product through home-shopping or online.A Product damage caused by customer's fault
Product damage caused by customer's mishandling or wrong repair
If a product damage is caused by;
 • External impact or drop.
 • Use of supplies or separatly sold product unspecified by Samsung.
 • Repair from a person besides an engineer of outsourcing service company or partner of Samsung 
Electronics Co., Ltd.
 • Remodeling or repairing the product by customer.
 • Using it with incorrect voltage or non-authorised electrical connections.
 • Not following the "cautions" in User Manual.
Others
 • If product fails by natural disaster. (lightning, fire, earthquake, flood damage, etc)
 • If consumable components are all used up. (Battery, Toner, Fluorescent lights, Head, Vibrator, Lamp, Filter, Ribbon, etc.)
 ―If customer requests a service in case the product has no defect, service fee may be charged. So 
please read User Manual first.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  WEEE
Correct Disposal of This Product (Waste Electrical & Electronic Equipment)
(Applicable in countries with separate collection systems)
This marking on the product, accessories or literature indicates that the product and its electronic accessories (e.g. charger, headset, 
USB cable) should not be disposed of with other household waste at the end of their working life. To prevent possible harm to the environment or human health from uncontrolled waste disposal, please separate these items from other types of waste and recycle them responsibly to promote the sustainable reuse of material resources.
Household users should contact either the retailer where they purchased this product, or their local government office, for details of 
where and how they can take these items for environmentally safe recycling.
Business users should contact their supplier and check the terms and conditions of the purchase contract. This product and its 
electronic accessories should not be mixed with other commercial wastes for disposal.
Correct disposal of batteries in this product
(Applicable in countries with separate collection systems)
This marking on the battery, manual or packaging indicates that the batteries in this product should not be disposed of with other household waste at the end of their working life. Where marked, the chemical symbols Hg, Cd or Pb indicate that the battery contains mercury, cadmium or lead above the reference levels in EC Directive 2006/66.
If batteries are not properly disposed of, these substances can cause harm to human health or the environment.To protect natural resources and to promote material reuse, please separate batteries from other types of waste and recycle them 
through your local, free battery return system.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Optimum Picture Quality and Afterimage 
Burn-in Prevention
Optimum Picture Quality
 • Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) 
may be brighter or darker on the panel. This does not affect product performance.
 -The number of sub-pixels by panel type: 6,220,800
 • Run Auto Adjustment to improve the picture quality. If noise is still found even after auto adjustment, adjust Coarse or Fine.
 • Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time may cause afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
 -Activate power-saving mode or a dynamic screen saver if you will not be using the product for an extended period of time.
Prevention of Afterimage Burn-in
What is afterimage burn-in?
Afterimage burn-in should not occur when the LCD panel is operating normally. Normal operation refers to a continuously changing video pattern. If the LCD panel displays a fixed pattern for an extended period of time (more than 12 hours), a slight voltage difference may occur between the electrodes in pixels that control the liquid crystals.
Such a voltage difference between electrodes increases with time and makes the liquid crystals thinner. 
When this occurs, a previous image can remain on the screen when the pattern changes. To prevent this, the accumulated voltage difference should be reduced.
 ―Afterimage burn-in should not occur when an LCD panel is operating in proper conditions.Black Matrix
Source Drain
Data Bus-LineTFTGate Pixel Electrode (ITO)Storage 
Capaccitor (Cs)Colour-FilterCommon Electrode (ITO)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Preventing afterimage burn-in
 ―The best way to protect the product from afterimage burn-in is switching the power off or setting the 
PC or system to run a screen saver when not in use. Also, Warranty service may be limited depending 
on instruction guide.
 • Powering Off, Screen Saver and Power Saving Mode
 -Power off the product for 2 hours after using it for 12 hours.
 -Go to Display Properties > Power Supply on your PC and set the product to power off as required.
 -Using a screen saver is recommended.
It is best to use a single-colour or moving-image screen saver.
 • Regular colour Change
 -Use 2 coloursSwitch between 2 colours every 30 minutes as shown above.
FLIGHT FLIGHT TIME TIME
OZ348
UA102 21:1020:30 OZ348
UA102 21:1020:30Type 1 Type 2
 • Avoid combinations of a text colour and background colour of contrasting brightness.
(Brightness: refers to the lightness or darkness of a colour which varies depending on the amount of 
light emitted.)
 ―Avoid using grey as it may contribute to afterimage burn-in.
 ―Avoid using colours of contrasting brightness (black and white; grey).
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:: • Regular Text colour Change
 -Use bright colours of similar brightness.
Interval: Change text colour and background colour every 30 minutes
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30::
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30:
:
 -Move and change text every 30 minutes as shown below.
FLIGHT TIME
OZ348 20:30::
[ Step 3 ] [ Step 2 ]FLIGHT TIME
OZ348::
[ Step 1 ]20:30
 -Regularly display a moving image along with a logo.
Interval: Display a moving image along with a logo for 60 seconds after using for 4 hours.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Licence
Manufactured under licence from Dolby Laboratories.
Dolby and the double-D symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.
⃕Manufactured under a licence from U.S. Patent No’s: 5,956,674, 5,974,380, 
5,978,762, 6,487,535, 6,226,616, 7,212,872, 7,003,467, 7,272,567, 7,668,723, 7,392,195, 7,930,184, 7,333,929 and 7,548,853. DTS, the Symbol, and DTS and the Symbol together are registered trademarks & DTS Premium Sound | 5.1 is a trademark of DTS, Inc. ⓒ2012 DTS, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Definition Multimedia Interface, and the 
HDMI Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC in the United States and other countries.DivX Certified Ⓡ to play DivX Ⓡ video up to HD 1080p, including premium 
content.
DivXⓇ, DivX CertifiedⓇ and associated logos are trademarks of Rovi 
Corporation or its subsidiaries and are used under licence.
ABOUT DIVX VIDEO: DivXⓇ is a digital video format created by DivX, LLC, a subsidiary of Rovi Corporation. This is an official DivX CertifiedⓇ device that has passed rigorous testing to verify that it plays DivX video. Visit divx.com for more information and software tools to convert your files into DivX videos.
ABOUT DIVX VIDEO-ON-DEMAND: This DivX CertifiedⓇ device must be registered in order to play 
purchased DivX Video-on-Demand (VOD) movies. To obtain your registration code, locate the DivX VOD section in your device setup menu. Go to vod.divx.com for more information on how to complete your registration.
Covered by one or more of the following U.S. patents: 7,295,673; 7,460,668; 7,515,710; 7,519,274
Open Source Licence NoticeIn the case of using open source software, Open Source Licences are available on the product menu. 
Open Source Licence Notice is written only English.
For information on the Open Source Licence Notice, contact the Samsung Customer Centre or send 
email to oss.request@samsung.com.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Terminology
480i / 480p / 720p / 1080i / 
1080p____ Each of the scanning rates above refers to the number of effective scanning lines that decides the screen resolution. The scanning rate may be indicated in i (interlaced) or p (progressive), depending on the scanning method.
- ScanningScanning refers to a process of sending 
pixels that form an image progressively. A larger number of pixels will deliver a clearer and more vivid picture.
- ProgressiveIn progressive scan mode, all lines 
of pixels are scanned one by one (progressively) on the screen.
- InterlacedIn interlaced scan mode, every other 
line of pixels is scanned from top to bottom first and then the remaining lines of pixels (that were not scanned) are scanned.Non-interlace Mode and Interlace Mode____ Non-interlace mode (progressive scan) displays a horizontal line from the top to the bottom of a screen progressively. Interlace mode displays the odd number lines first and the even number lines next. Non-interlace mode is mainly used in monitors as it produces screen clarity and interlace mode is mainly used in TVs.
Dot Pitch____ The screen consist of 
red, green and blue dots. A shorter distance between the dots produces a higher resolution. Dot pitch refers to the distance between the shortest distance between dots of the same colour. Dot pitch is measured in millimeters.Vertical Frequency____ The product displays a single image many times per second (like a fluorescent light that flickers) to display an image for a viewer to see. The rate of a single image being displayed repeatedly per second is called vertical frequency or refresh rate. Vertical frequency is measured in Hz.
E.g. 60Hz refers to a single image being 
displayed 60 times in one second.
Horizontal Frequency____ The time 
required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is measured in kHz.
Source ____ Input source refers to a 
video source device connected to the 
product such as a camcorder or video or DVD player.Component ports (green, blue and red)____ The component ports, which identify, transmit and receive contrast signals, provide superior picture quality to any other video connection methods.
Plug & Play____ Plug & Play is a 
function that allows the automatic exchange of information between a monitor and PC to produce an optimum display environment. The product uses VESA DDC (international standard) to execute Plug & Play.
Resolution____ Resolution is the 
number of horizontal dots (pixels) and vertical dots (pixels) that form a screen. It represents the level of display detail. A higher resolution enables more data to be displayed on the screen and is useful to perform multiple tasks simultaneously.
E.g. A resolution of 1920 X 1080 consists 
of 1,920 horizontal pixels (horizontal resolution) and 1,080 vertical pixels (vertical resolution).DVD (Digital Versatile Disc)____ DVD refers to a CD-sized mass storage disk where you can save multimedia (audio, video or game) applications using MPEG-2 video compression technology.
HDMI (High Definition Multimedia 
Interface)____ It is an interface that can be connected to a digital audio source as well as a high-definition video source by using a single cable without compression.
Multiple Display Control (MDC)____ 
MDC (Multiple Display Control) is an application that allows multiple display devices to be controlled simultaneously using a PC. Communication between a PC and monitor takes place using RS232C (serial data transmission) and RJ45 (LAN) cables.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User Manual
The color and the appearance may differ depending on the product, and the specifications are subject to change without 
prior notice to improve the performance.
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
© Samsung ElectronicsSamsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.Use or reproduction of this manual in parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is prohibited.Trademarks other than that of Samsung Electronics are owned by their respective owners.
U*H75*    U*H85*
 • An administration fee may be charged if either
 ‒(a) an engineer is called out at your request and there is no defect in the product
(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
 ‒(b) you bring the unit to a repair center and there is no defect in the product(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
 • The amount of such administration charge will be advised to you before any work or home visit is carried out.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2Table of contents
Before Using the Product
Securing the Installation Space  4
Precautions for storage  4
Safety Precautions  4
Symbols  4
Cleaning  5
Electricity and Safety  5
Installation  6
Operation  7
Preparations
Parts  10
Control Panel  10
Direct Key guide  11
Function Key Guide  12
Configuring Eye Saver  Mode, Brightness and C ontrast 
from the Initial Screen  14
Changing the Volume  setting  14
Reverse Side  15
Adjusting the Product Tilt and Height  16
Rotating the Monitor Screen (U32H850UM*)  16
Rotating the monitor (U32H850UM*)  17
Anti-theft Lock  17
Precautions for moving the monitor  18
MagicRotation Auto (U32H850UM*)  19
Installing a Wall-mount Kit or Desktop Stand 
(U28H750UQ*)  20
Installing a Wall-mount Kit or Desktop Stand 
(U32H850UM*)  21Installation  22
Attaching the Stand (U28H750UQ*)  22
Attaching the Stand (U32H850UM*)  23
Removing the Stand (U28H750UQ*)  24
Removing the Stand (U32H850UM*)  25
Connecting and Using a Source Device
Read below before installing the monitor.  26
Connecting and Using a PC  26
Connection Using the HDMI Cable  26
Connection Using the HDMI-DVI Cable  27
Connection Using the DP Cable  27
Connection Using the MINI DP Cable 
(U32H850UM*)  27
Connecting to Headphones  27
Connecting the Product to a PC as a USB HUB 
(U32H850UM*)  28
Connecting a PC to the Product  28
Utilizing the Product as a USB HUB  28
Connecting the Power (U28H750UQ*)  29
Connecting the Power (U32H850UM*)  29
Tidying Up the Connected Cables (U28H750UQ*)  30
Tidying Up the Connected Cables (U32H850UM*)  31
Correct posture to use the product  32
Driver Installation  32
Setting Optimum Resolution  32Screen Setup
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright  33
Black E qualizer  34
Brightness  34
Contrast  34
Sharpness  34
Color  35
SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle (U28H750UQ*)  35
HDMI  Black L evel  36
Eye Saver  Mode  36
Game  Mode  36
Response  Time  36
Picture  Size  37
Screen  Adjustment  37
Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings
PIP/PBP  Mode  38
Size  39
Position  39
Sound S ource  39
Source  40Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3Table of contents
Picture  Size  40
Contrast  41
Adjusting OSD (On Screen 
Display) settings
Transparency  42
Language  42
Display  Time  42
Setup and Reset
FreeSync 43
Eco Saving Plus  45
Off Timer  Plus  45
USB  Super  Charging  (U32H850UM*)  45
PC/AV Mode  46
Display Port Ver. 46
Source D etection  46
Key Repeat Time  46
Power  LED On  46
Reset  All 46
Information  47Installing the Software
Easy Setting Box  48
Restrictions and Problems with the Installation  48
System Requirements  48
Troubleshooting Guide
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung Customer 
Service Center  49
Testing the Product  49
Checking the Resolution and Frequency  49
Check the following.  49
Q & A  51Specifications
General  52
Standard Signal Mode Table  53
Appendix
Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to 
Customers)  57
Not a product defect  57
A Product damage caused by customer's fault  57
Others  57Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4Securing the Installation Space
Ensure some space around the product for ventilation. An internal temperature rise may cause fire and 
damage the product. Be sure to allow the amount of space as shown below or greater when installing the product.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
10 cm (3.93 Inches)10 cm (3.93 Inches)
10 cm
(3.93 Inches)10 cm(3.93 Inches)
10 cm(3.93 Inches)
10 cm (3.93 Inches)10 cm (3.93 Inches)
10 cm(3.93 Inches)10 cm(3.93 Inches)
10 cm(3.93 Inches)Precautions for storage
High-glossy models can develop white stains on the surface if an ultrasonic wave humidifier is used 
nearby.
 ―Contact your nearest Samsung Customer Service Center if you want to clean the inside of the product 
(Service fee will be charged.)
Do not press the monitor screen with hands or other objects. There is a risk of damaging the screen.
Safety Precautions
Caution RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN
Caution : TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER. (OR BACK)
THERE ARE NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE.REFER ALL SERVICING TO QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
This symbol indicates that high voltage is present inside.It is dangerous to make any kind of contact with any internal part of 
this product.
This symbol alerts you that important literature concerning operation 
and maintenance has been included with this product.
Symbols
Warning A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
CautionPersonal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are not followed.Before Using the ProductChapter  01Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  5
Cleaning
 ―Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched.
 ―Take the following steps when cleaning.
1 Power off the product and computer.
2 Disconnect the power cord from the product.
 ―Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet hands. Otherwise, an electric 
shock may result.
3 Wipe the monitor with a clean, soft and dry cloth.
 ‒Do not apply a cleaning agent that contains alcohol, solvent, or surfactant to the monitor.
 ‒Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4 Wet a soft and dry cloth in water and wring thoroughly to clean the exterior of the product.
5 Connect the power cord to the product when cleaning is finished.
6 Power on the product and computer.Electricity and Safety
Warning
 •Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
 •Do not use multiple products with a single power socket.
 •Do not touch the power plug with wet hands.
 •Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
 •Connect the power plug to a grounded power socket (type 1 insulated devices only).
 •Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Be careful not to leave the power cord under a heavy 
object.
 •Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources.
 •Clean any dust around the pins of the power plug or the power socket with a dry cloth.
Caution
 •Do not disconnect the power cord while the product is being used.
 •Only use the power cord provided with your product by Samsung. Do not use the power cord with other products.
 •Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed.
 ‒The power cord must be disconnected to cut off power to the product when an issue occurs.
 •Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  6
Warning
 •DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT REPELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP OF THE PRODUCT. DO NOT 
INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
 •Do not install the product in poorly ventilated spaces such as a bookcase or closet.
 •Install the product at least 10 cm away from the wall to allow ventilation.
 •Keep the plastic packaging out of the reach of children.
 ‒Children may suffocate.
 •Do not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, sloped surface, etc.)
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 ‒Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the product or cause a fire.
 •Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water drips, etc.), oil, or smoke.
 •Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a stove.
 ‒The product lifespan may be reduced or a fire may result.
 •Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
 ‒The product may fall and injure children.
 •Edible oil (such as soybean oil) may damage or distort the product. Keep the product away from oil pollution. And do not install or use the product in the kitchen or near the kitchen stove.Caution
 •Do not drop the product while moving.
 •Do not set down the product on its front.
 •When installing the product on a cabinet or shelf, make sure that the bottom edge of the front of the product is not protruding.
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged and/or cause an injury.
 ‒Install the product only on cabinets or shelves of the right size.
 •Set down the product gently.
 ‒Product failure or personal injury may result.
 •Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine dust, chemical substances, extreme temperatures or a significant presence of moisture, or a place where the product will operate continuously for an extended period of time) may seriously affect its performance.
 ‒Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Center if you want to install the product at such a place.InstallationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  7
Warning
 •There is a high voltage inside the product. Never disassemble, repair or modify the product 
yourself.
 ‒Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for repairs.
 •To move the product, first disconnect all the cables from it, including the power cable.
 •If the product generates abnormal sounds, a burning smell or smoke, disconnect the power cord immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 •Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
 ‒Children may become injured or seriously harmed.
 •If the product is dropped or the outer case is damaged, turn off the power and disconnect the power cord. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 ‒Continued use can result in a fire or electric shock.
 •Do not leave heavy objects or items that children like (toys, sweets, etc.) on top of the product.
 ‒The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toys or sweets resulting in a serious injury.
 •During a lightning or thunderstorm, power off the product and remove the power cable.
 •Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
 •Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 •If a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, ventilate the area immediately.
 •Do not lift or move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
 •Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near the product.
 •Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
 ‒An increased internal temperature may cause a fire. •Do not insert metallic objects (chopsticks, coins, hairpins, etc) or objects that burn easily (paper, matches, etc) into the product (via the vent or input/output ports, etc).
 ‒Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 •Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic objects on top of the product.
 ‒Be sure to power off the product and disconnect the power cord when water or other foreign substances have entered the product. Then contact Samsung Customer Service Center.OperationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8
Caution
 •Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time may cause 
afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
 ‒Activate power-saving mode or a moving-picture screen saver if you will not be using the product for an extended period of time.
 •Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the product for an extended period of time (vacation, etc).
 ‒Dust accumulation combined with heat can cause a fire, electric shock or electric leakage.
 •Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
 ‒Your eyesight may deteriorate.
 •Do not put AC/DC adapters together.
 •Remove the plastic bag from the AC/DC adapter before you use it.
 •Do not let water enter the AC/DC adapter device or get the device wet.
 ‒An electric shock or fire may result.
 ‒Avoid using the product outdoors where it can be exposed to rain or snow.
 ‒Be careful not to get the AC/DC adapter wet when you wash the floor.
 •Do not put the AC/DC adapter near to any heating apparatus.
 ‒Otherwise, a fire may result.
 •Keep the AC/DC adapter in a well-ventilated area.
 •If you place the AC/DC power adapter so that it is hanging with the cord input facing upwards, water or other foreign substances could enter the Adapter and cause the Adapter to malfunction.
Make sure to rest the AC/DC power adapter flat on a table or the floor. •Insert the power plug into the AC/DC adapter until a click sound is heard.
 •Do not insert only the power plug into the power outlet.
 •Do not use an AC/DC adapter other than the provided one.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Do not insert the AC/DC adapter into the power outlet on the ceiling.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Rotate the power plug not to exceed the range (0 to 90°) on the AC/DC adapter.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Never diassemble the power plug after being assembled. (It cannot be separated after assembly.)
 •Never use the provided power plug for other devices.
 •When removing the AC/DC adapter from the power outlet, hold the body of AC/DC adapter and pull 
it up.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Do not drop any objects or apply shock on the AC/DC adapter.
 ‒It may cause electric shock or fire.
 •Use the AC/DC adapter after removing its plastic cover.
 ‒Otherwise, this may result fire.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  9
 •Do not hold the product upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
 ‒The product may fall and become damaged or cause an injury.
 •Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can deteriorate your eyesight.
 •Do not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
 •Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes or look at distance objects for every 1 hour of product use.
 •Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an extended period of time as it 
will become hot.
 •Store small accessories out of the reach of children.
 •Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle or stand height.
 ‒Your hand or finger may get stuck and injured.
 ‒Tilting the product at an excessive angle may cause the product to fall and an injury may result.
 •Do not place heavy objects on the product.
 ‒Product failure or personal injury may result.
 •When using headphones or earphones, do not turn the volume too high.
 ‒Having the sound too loud may damage your hearing.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10PreparationsChapter  02
Parts
Control Panel
 ―The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
Function Key GuideJOG Button
DOWNPRESS(ENTER)LEFT
ReturnPower LED
UP
RIGHTIcons Description
JOG ButtonMulti directional button that helps navigate.
 ―The JOG button is located on the rear left side of the product. The 
button can be used to move up, down, left or right, or as Enter.
Power LEDThis LED is power status indicator and works as
 •Power On (Power button): Off
 •Power saving mode: Blinking
 •Power Off (Power button): On
 ―The power Indicator operation can be swapped by changing in the 
menu. ( System  → Power LED On ) Actual models because of functional 
variation maybe haven’t this function.
Function Key GuidePress the JOG button when the screen is turned on. The Function Key 
Guide will appear. To access the onscreen menu when the guide is displayed, press the corresponding direction button again.
 ―Function Key Guide may vary depending on the function or product 
model. Please refer to the actual product. Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  11
Eye Saver Mode
Volume
Features
Eye Saver Mode Off
 •UP/DOWN: Adjust Brightness , Contrast, Eye Saver Mode .
 •LEFT/RIGHT: Adjust Volume.
 •PRESS(ENTER): Display Function Key Guide.Direct Key guide
 ―The shortcut button screen (OSD menu) shown below is displayed only when the monitor screen is turned on, the computer resolution changes, or the input source changes.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12
Function Key Guide
 ―To enter the main menu or to use other items, press the JOG button to display the Function Key Guide. You can exit by pressing the JOG button again.
ReturnUP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT: Move to the item you want. The description for each item will appear when the focus changes.
PRESS(ENTER): The selected item will be applied.
Icons Description
Selects  to change the input signal by moving the JOG button in the Function Key Guide screen. A message will appear on the top left corner of the screen if the input signal has 
been changed.
Selects  by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
The OSD (On Screen Display) of your Monitor’s feature appears.OSD control lock: Maintain the current settings, or lock the OSD control to prevent unintended changes to settings.Enable/Disable: To lock/unlock the OSD control, press the LEFT button for 10 seconds when the main menu displayed.
 ―If the OSD control is locked, Brightness  and Contrast can be adjusted. PIP/PBP  is available.
Eye Saver Mode  is available. Information  can be viewed.
Selects  by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
Press the button when configuring settings for the PIP/PBP  function is required.
Selects  to turn the Monitor off by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
 ―Actual models because of functional variation, Function key guide options will be different.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  13
When the monitor displays nothing (i.e. Power saving mode or Non-signal mode), 2 direct keys for 
control source and power could be used as below.
JOG Button Power saving/Non-signal mode
UP Source Change
Down
PRESS(ENTER) for 2 seconds Power Off
When the monitor displays the Main menu the JOG Button could be used as below.
JOG Button Action
UP/DOWN Move the option
LEFTExit the Main menu.
Close Sublist without saving value.Value decreases in the slider.
RIGHTMove to next depth.Value increases in the slider.
PRESS(ENTER)Move to next depth.Save the value and close Sublist.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14
Configuring E ye Saver  Mode , Brightness  and Contrast 
from the Initial Screen
Adjust the Brightness , Contrast and Eye Saver Mode  by moving the JOG button.
Eye Saver Mode
BrightnessContrast
Off
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
Eye Saver Mode
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
Brightness
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
Contrast
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size is set to  (PBP Mode).Changing the Volume  setting
You can adjust Volume by moving the JOG button left or right, if no OSD menu is displayed.
Volume 50
Mute
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.
 ―If the audio quality of a connected input device is poor, the Auto Mute function on the product may mute 
the sound or cause choppy audio when applying the headphones or speakers. Set the input volume for the 
input device to at least 20% and control the volume using the volume control (JOG button LEFT/RIGHT) on the product.
 ―What is Auto Mute?
The function mutes the audio to improve sound effect when there is sound noise or when the input signal is weak, usually due to a problem with the volume of an input device.
 ―To activate the Mute function, access the Volume  control screen, then use the JOG button to move the 
focus down. To deactivate the Mute function, access the Volume  control screen, then increase or decrease 
the Volume .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  15
Port Description
POWER IN Connect the power cord for your monitor to the POWER IN  port on 
the back of the product.
 ―(U32H850UM* model only)
1 243Connect to a USB device.
 ―Super charging is possible using the 1 and 2 ports only. 
These ports charge devices faster than typical USB ports. The speed 
depends on the connected devices.
 ―(U32H850UM* model only)
(PC IN)Connects to a PC using a USB cable. Compatible with a USB cable 
version 3.0 or lower.
 ―This port can only connect to a PC.
 ―(U32H850UM* model only)Reverse Side
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality. Refer to the actual 
product.
Port Description
HDMI IN 1 HDMI IN 2Connects to a source device using an HDMI cable or HDMI-DVI 
cable.
 ―HDMI1  support 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz
 ―HDMI2 support 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz
DP IN Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
Connect to an audio output device such as headphones.
 ―The sound could only be heard when using the HDMI to HDMI cable 
or DP cable.
MINI DP IN Connects to a PC using a MINI DP cable.
 ―(U32H850UM* model only)
DC 19V Connects to the AC/DC adapter.
 ―(U28H750UQ* model only)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16
Adjusting the Product Tilt and Height
 ―The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
U28H750UQ*
-1.0° (-2.0°, +1.0°) ~ 20.0° (±2.0°)
U32H850UM*
-5.0° (±2.0°) ~ 24.0° (±2.0°)
-30.0° (±2.0°) ~ 30.0° (±2.0°)0 ~ 135.0 mm (±5.0 mm)
 •The monitor tilt and height can be adjusted.
 •Hold the lower part of the product and adjust the tilt carefully.
 •When adjusting the stand height, you may hear a noise. This noise is generated because the ball 
inside the stand slides when the stand height is adjusted. It is a normal noise and not a product malfunction.Rotating the Monitor Screen (U32H850UM*)
 ―You can rotate your monitor as shown below.
 ―The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without 
notice to improve quality.
1 2 3
4 5 6
 •Adjust the screen following the arrow direction.
 •Rotate the screen in clockwise direction till it becomes completely vertical to the desktop.
 •The monitor may get damaged if you rotate the screen without tilt, or counter clockwise direction.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  17
Rotating the monitor (U32H850UM*)
When rotating the monitor, the rotation angle is displayed on the monitor screen.
The on-screen display (OSD) menu items will automatically rotate when the screen rotates.
Caution
1 If the MagicRotation Auto  software is not installed on the monitor, screen content will not 
automatically rotate. The OSD can still rotate by 90° and display properly.
2 Once rotated, the OSD may appear in a different view mode from the mode before it was rotated.Anti-theft Lock
 ―An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places.
 ―The locking device shape and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user guide 
provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
To lock an anti-theft locking device:
U28H750UQ* U32H850UM*
1 Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object such as a desk.
2 Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3 Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4 Lock the locking device.
 ‒An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
 ‒Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for details.
 ‒Anti-theft locking devices can be purchased at electronics retailers or online.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18
Precautions for moving the monitor
 •Do not directly apply pressure on the screen.
 •Do not hold the screen when moving the 
monitor. •Do not hold the product upside down only by the stand.
 •Hold the lower corners or edges of the monitor when moving it.  •Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  19
MagicRotation Auto (U32H850UM*)
The MagicRotation Auto  function detects the rotation of monitors that are fitted with a rotation sensor and rotates the Windows screen accordingly.
Software Installation
1 Insert the user manual CD provided with the product into the CD-ROM drive.
2 Follow the instructions given on the screen to proceed with installation.
 ―After installation, the application menu language will be displayed in the language of the operating system. (This complies with the basic policies of Windows.)
Caution
1 Compatible only with Windows 7 (32 bit or 64 bit), Windows 8 (32 bit or 64 bit), Windows 8.1 (32 bit or 64 bit) and Windows 10 (32 bit or 64 bit).
2 Compatible with graphics cards that comply with the DDC/CI and MS API standards. The MagicRotation Auto function may not be available for graphics cards that do not comply with the aforementioned 
standards.
3 To maximize the performance of the function, update the graphics card driver to the latest version.
4 Fourteen languages are available as installation languages.
5 If the orientation is set to a mode other than "Landscape" in the screen resolution menu on Windows OS, the MagicRotation Auto  function may not work properly. 
6 The OSD menu will be displayed if the monitor is rotated. When the monitor is rotated, the screen reconfiguration process may be displayed or screen burn-in may appear, depending on the graphics card. This 
is performed by the Windows operating system and has nothing to do with the product.
7 If you do not want the screen to rotate automatically when the monitor is rotated, press the Windows and L keys at the same time to lock the Windows operating system. This is a limitation of the Windows API.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20
Installing a Wall-mount Kit or Desktop Stand 
(U28H750UQ*)
 ―Power the product off and remove the power cable from the power socket.
1 2
4 3
A Attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand here
B Bracket (sold separately)
Align the grooves and tightly fasten the screws on the bracket on the product with the corresponding 
parts on the wall-mount kit or desktop stand you want to attach. •Notes
 ‒Using a screw longer than the standard length can damage the internal components of the product.
 ‒The length of screws required for a wall mount that does not comply with the VESA standards may vary depending on the specifications.
 ‒Do not use screws that do not comply with the VESA standards. Do not attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force. The product may get damaged or fall and cause personal injury. Samsung shall not be held liable for any damage or injury caused by using improper screws or attaching the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force.
 ‒Samsung shall not be held liable for any product damage or personal injury caused by using a wall-mount kit other than the one specified or from an attempt to install the wall-mount kit on your own.
 ‒To mount the product on a wall, ensure you purchase a wall-mount kit that can be installed 10 cm or farther away from the wall.
 ‒Be sure to use a wall-mount kit that complies with the standards.
 ‒To install the monitor using a wall mount, disconnect the stand base from the monitor.
Unit: mm (inches)
Model name VESA screw hole specs (A * B) 
in millimetersStandard Screw Quantity
U28H750UQ* 100.0 x 100.0 (3.9 x 3.9)4.0 mm Φ, 0.7 pitch * 10.0 mm 
long 4 EA
 ―Do not install your Wall Mount Kit while your product is turned on. It may result in personal injury due to 
electric shock.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  21
Installing a Wall-mount Kit or Desktop Stand 
(U32H850UM*)
 ―Power the product off and remove the power cable from the power socket.
1 2
4 3
A Attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand here
B Bracket (sold separately)
Align the grooves and tightly fasten the screws on the bracket on the product with the corresponding 
parts on the wall-mount kit or desktop stand you want to attach. •Notes
 ‒Using a screw longer than the standard length can damage the internal components of the product.
 ‒The length of screws required for a wall mount that does not comply with the VESA standards may vary depending on the specifications.
 ‒Do not use screws that do not comply with the VESA standards. Do not attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force. The product may get damaged or fall and cause personal injury. Samsung shall not be held liable for any damage or injury caused by using improper screws or attaching the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force.
 ‒Samsung shall not be held liable for any product damage or personal injury caused by using a wall-mount kit other than the one specified or from an attempt to install the wall-mount kit on your own.
 ‒To mount the product on a wall, ensure you purchase a wall-mount kit that can be installed 10 cm or farther away from the wall.
 ‒Be sure to use a wall-mount kit that complies with the standards.
 ‒To install the monitor using a wall mount, disconnect the stand base from the monitor.
Unit: mm (inches)
Model name VESA screw hole specs (A * B) 
in millimetersStandard Screw Quantity
U32H850UM* 100.0 x 100.0 (3.9 x 3.9)4.0 mm Φ, 0.7 pitch * 10.0 mm 
long 4 EA
 ―Do not install your Wall Mount Kit while your product is turned on. It may result in personal injury due to 
electric shock.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22
Installation
Attaching the Stand (U28H750UQ*)
 ―Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen is facing downwards.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
1 2 3 4
Insert the stand neck into the stand base in the 
direction shown in the figure.Check that the stand neck is firmly connected. Tightly fasten the connecting screw at the bottom 
of the stand base.Place the protective Styrofoam (cushion) included in the package on the floor and place the product facing down on the Styrofoam, as shown in the image.
If Styrofoam is unavailable, use a thick sitting mat.
5 6
Hold the main body of the product with your hand 
as shown by the figure. Push the assembled stand 
into the main body in the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.Install the COVER-REAR SUB after the power supply and the data cable are connected.- Caution
Do not press down on the monitor. There is a risk 
of damaging the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  23
Attaching the Stand (U32H850UM*)
 ―Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen is facing downwards.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
1 2 3 4
Insert the stand neck into the stand base in the 
direction shown in the figure.Check that the stand neck is firmly connected. Tightly fasten the connecting screw at the bottom 
of the stand base.Place the protective Styrofoam (cushion) included in the package on the floor and place the product facing down on the Styrofoam, as shown in the image.
If Styrofoam is unavailable, use a thick sitting mat.
5 6
 7
Place the stand neck of the display on the device 
as per the positions of the fasteners.Turn the stand neck of the display clockwise for 
90° to ensure that the stand neck of the display is put into place.Install the COVER-REAR SUB after the power supply and the data cable are connected.- Caution
Do not press down on the monitor. There is a risk 
of damaging the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24
Removing the Stand (U28H750UQ*)
 ―Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen is facing downwards.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
1 2 3 4
Place the protective Styrofoam (cushion) included 
in the package on the floor and place the product 
facing down on the Styrofoam, as shown in the image.
If Styrofoam is unavailable, use a thick sitting mat.To disassemble the stand from the monitor, make 
sure to press the lower part of the monitor with one hand, and pull and sway sideways the stand with the other hand, as shown in the picture.Turn the connecting screw at the bottom of the stand base to separate it.Remove the stand neck from the stand base by pulling it in the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.
- Caution
Do not press down on the monitor. There is a risk of damaging the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  25
Removing the Stand (U32H850UM*)
 ―Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen is facing downwards.
 ―The exterior may differ depending on the product.
1 2
 3 4
Place the protective Styrofoam (cushion) included 
in the package on the floor and place the product 
facing down on the Styrofoam, as shown in the image.
If Styrofoam is unavailable, use a thick sitting mat.Push the key upward and hold. Turn the stand 
neck of the display counterclockwise for 10°.After turning the stand neck of the display counterclockwise for 10°, lift the stand neck to detach it from the device.Turn the connecting screw at the bottom of the stand base to separate it.
5
Remove the stand neck from the stand base by 
pulling it in the direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.- Caution
Do not press down on the monitor. There is a risk 
of damaging the monitor.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26Connecting and Using a Source DeviceChapter  03
Read below before installing the monitor.
1 Check the shapes of both ends of the cables that came with the monitor, and check the shapes and 
positions of the matching ports on the monitor and external devices.
2 Before connecting signal cables, disconnect the power cables for the monitor and external devices from the power outlet to prevent device damage from a short circuit or overcurrent.
3 After connecting all signal cables, connect the power cables for the monitor and external devices to the power outlet.
4 Read the user manual to familiarize yourself with the monitor functions, precautions, and proper use, before using the installed monitor.Connecting and Using a PC
Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
 ―Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 ―Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
Connection Using the HDMI Cable
Check to make sure that the power cables for the monitor and external devices, such as 
computers and set-top boxes, are not connected to the power outlet.
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2
 ―To display 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz, use an HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz to connect HDMI1. 
Make sure that the graphics card of the HDMI source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz.
 ―To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use an HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz to connect HDMI2. 
Make sure that the graphics card of the HDMI source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz.
 ―When connecting an HDMI cable, use the cable that came with the components of the monitor. If you use 
an HDMI cable other than provided by Samsung, the image quality may be degraded.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  27
Connection Using the HDMI-DVI Cable
Check to make sure that the power cables for the monitor and external devices, such as 
computers and set-top boxes, are not connected to the power outlet.
HDMI IN 1, HDMI IN 2
 ―The audio function is not supported if the source device is connected using the HDMI-DVI cable.
 ―The optimum resolution may not be available with an HDMI-DVI cable.
Connection Using the DP Cable
Check to make sure that the power cables for the monitor and external devices, such as 
computers and set-top boxes, are not connected to the power outlet.
DP IN
 ―To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use a DP cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz. Make sure that the 
graphics card of the DP source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz.Connection Using the MINI DP Cable (U32H850UM*)
Check to make sure that the power cables for the monitor and external devices, such as 
computers and set-top boxes, are not connected to the power outlet.
MINI DP IN
 ―To display 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz, use a MINI DP cable that supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz. Make sure that 
the graphics card of the MINI DP source supports 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz.
 ―The DisplayPort and MiniDP can't be identified at the same time, so if the DisplayPort or MiniDP not as a 
source the PC may not be able to identify.
Connecting to Headphones
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28
Connecting the Product to a PC as a USB HUB 
(U32H850UM*)
Connecting a PC to the Product
 ―The product can function as a HUB by connecting to a PC via a USB cable. You can connect a source device 
directly to the product and control the device from the product, without having to connect the device to 
the PC.
To use the product as a USB hub, connect the product to a PC using a USB cable.
(PC IN)
Connect the USB cable to  on the back of the product and USB  on the PC.
 ―A USB 2.0 cable can be used to connect the product to a PC. However, to take full advantage of the USB 3.0 
function, connect a USB 3.0 cable between the PC and the product. Ensure the PC supports USB 3.0.Utilizing the Product as a USB HUB
Using the product as a hub, connect and use various source devices with the product at the same time.
A PC cannot connect to multiple source devices at the same time as it has a limited number of input/
output ports available. The HUB feature on the product will improve your work efficiency by allowing you to connect multiple source devices to the USB ports on the product at the same time without connecting them to a PC.
(PC IN)
If multiple source devices are connected to the PC, the many cables around the PC may look messy. 
Connecting the devices directly to the product will resolve such inconvenience.
Connect a mobile device such as an MP3 player or smartphone to the product when connected to a PC. 
This allows you to control the device from the PC or charge the device battery.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  29
 ―To detect and start a USB device faster, connect the device to the USB 3.0 port on the product. The read/
write rate will be affected by the USB device and your PC.
 ―The product does not support media play. If you need to play a file in your USB device, please connect the 
product as a Hub to your PC and play the file on your PC.
 ―For USB-related problems caused by OS, drive programs or software, please contact relevant suppliers.
 ―With the launch of various USB devices on the market, we cannot guarantee that our products are matched 
with all USB devices.
 ―For an external mass-storage HDD requiring external power supply, be sure to connect it to a power source.
 ―The super charging can only be provided through ports 1 and 2. According to the USB 3.0 
battery charging specification, USB1 and USB2 can support a maximum current of 1.5A. The actual current 
value depends on the device to be charged.If the current is too high or an exception occurs, the over-current protection will be triggered. This is a normal setting of the product.
 ―USB devices requiring high current may not be supported. 1 and 2 can support a maximum 
current of 1.5A, and 3 and 4 can support a maximum current of 1.0A.
 ―The battery can be charged in the power-saving mode, but it cannot be charged when the product is 
powered off.
 ―Charging your USB device is not possible if the power cable is disconnected from the power socket.
 ―The USB device needs to be purchased separately.Connecting the Power (U28H750UQ*)
DC 19V
2
431
1 Connect the power plug to the AC/DC adapter.
2 Connect the AC/DC adapter cable to the DC 19V  port on the back of the monitor.
3 Plug the AC/DC adapter into the power outlet.
4 Press the JOG button on the back of the monitor to turn it on.
 ―The input voltage is switched automatically.
Connecting the Power (U32H850UM*)
POW ER IN
To use the product, connect the power cable to a power outlet and the POWER IN  port on the product.
 ―The input voltage is switched automatically.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30
Tidying Up the Connected Cables (U28H750UQ*)
1 2 3 4
Connect cables to the appropriate 
ports.Grab the stand with one hand and use 
your other hand to close the COVER-REAR SUB in the direction of the arrow.The cables are now tidied up. Grab the stand with one hand and use the thumb on your other hand to remove the COVER-REAR SUB in the direction of the arrow.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  31
Tidying Up the Connected Cables (U32H850UM*)
1 2
 3 4 5
Stand assembly is complete. Rotate the machine to the highest 
vertical position.Connect the corresponding cables. Arrange the cables against the bend tendency of the cables and pull the cables out of the COVER-REAR SUB grooves.Cover the COVER-REAR SUB.
When you attach the COVER-REAR 
SUB, please aim six ribs of the COVER-REAR SUB to the bottom holes of the COVER-REAR at first.
6 7 8 9
 10
Open the COVER-STAND NECK LEFT, 
and rotate the open part at the bottom.Place the corresponding cables into the stand-neck holder. Do not stretch the line. Three cables in one holder is recommended.Cover the COVER-STAND NECK LEFT. Rotate the machine to the horizontal position.Arrange the external cables.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32
Correct posture to use the product
Use the product in the correct posture as follows:
 •Straighten your back.
 •Allow a distance of 45 to 50cm between your eye and the screen, and look slightly downward at 
the screen.
 •Keep your eyes directly in front of the screen.
 •Adjust the angle so light does not reflect on the screen.
 •Keep your forearms perpendicular to your upper arms and level with the back of your hands.
 •Keep your elbows at about a right angle.
 •Adjust the height of the product so you can keep your knees bent at 90 degrees or more, your heels attached to the floor, and your arms lower than your heart.
 •Do the Eye excercises or blink frequently,then eye fatigue will be relieved.Driver Installation
 ―You can set the optimum resolution and frequency for this product by installing the corresponding drivers.
 ―To install the latest version of the product driver, download it from the Samsung Electronics website at 
http://www.samsung.com.
Setting Optimum Resolution
An information message about setting optimum resolution will appear if you power on the product for the first time after purchase.
Select a language on the product and change the resolution on your PC to the optimum setting.
 ―If the optimum resolution is not selected, the message will appear up to three times for a specified time 
even when the product is turned off and on again.
 ―The optimum resolution can also be selected in Control Panel on your PC.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  33Screen Setup
Configure the screen settings such as brightness.
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  04
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ 
from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
This menu provides an optimum picture quality suitable for the environment where the product will be 
used.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Angle  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
You can customize the brightness to suit your preferences.In PC mode
 •Custom: Customize the contrast and brightness as required.
 •Standard : Obtain a picture quality suitable for editing documents or using Internet.
 •Cinema: Obtain the brightness and sharpness of TVs suitable for enjoying video and DVD content.
 •Dynamic Contrast : Obtain balanced brightness through automatic contrast adjustment.
 •Basic Color : This model supports a photochromic station. When switching to this mode, the color 
area is adjusted to be similar to the standard color gamut of sRGB.
 •High-Brightness : Maximize the screen brightness. (U32H850UM*)
In AV mode
When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV, SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  
has four automatic picture settings ( Dynamic , Standard , Movie and Custom) that are preset at the factory. 
You can activate either Dynamic , Standard , Movie or Custom. You can select Custom which automatically 
recalls your personalized picture settings.
 •Dynamic : Select this mode to view a sharper image than in Standard  mode.
 •Standard : Select this mode when the surroundings are bright. This also provides a sharp image.
 •Movie: Select this mode when the surroundings are dark. This will save power and reduce eye fatigue.
 •Custom: Select this mode when you want to adjust the image according to your preferences.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34
Black Equalizer
Adjust the brightness of the dark areas.
As the value gets closer to 1, the darker areas of the screen become brighter, making it easier to find 
enemies when playing a game. To find enemies more easily during a game, use a lower value.
As the value gets closer to 20, the darker areas of the screen become darker and the contrast increases.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Angle  is enabled.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
Brightness
You can adjust the general brightness of the picture. (Range: 0~100)A higher value will make the picture appear brighter.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.Contrast
Adjust the contrast between the objects and background. (Range: 0~100)A higher value will increase the contrast to make the object appear clearer.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema, Dynamic Contrast  or Basic Color  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size is set to  (PBP Mode).
Sharpness
Make the outline of objects more clear or blurry. (Range: 0~100)A higher value will make the outline of objects clearer.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  35
Color
Adjust the tint of the screen.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Cinema, Dynamic Contrast  or Basic Color  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―The Color Tone  and Gamma menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Angle  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Red: Adjust the red saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Green : Adjust the green saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Blue : Adjust the blue saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
 •Color Tone : Select a color tone that best suits your viewing needs.
 ‒Cool 2 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Cool 1 .
 ‒Cool 1 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Normal  mode.
 ‒Normal : Display the standard color tone.
 ‒Warm 1 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Normal  mode.
 ‒Warm 2 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Warm 1 .
 ‒Custom: Customize the color tone.
 ―When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV, Color 
Tone  has four color temperature settings ( Cool, Normal , Warm and Custom ).
 •Gamma: Adjust the middle level of luminance.
 ‒Mode1  / Mode2 / Mode3SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle (U28H750UQ*)
SAMSUN G
MAGIC Angle  allows you to configure the settings to obtain the optimum picture quality according to 
your viewing angle.
 ―This menu is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is set to Cinema or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
You can customize the angle to suit your preferences.
4
2
31
1
5 5
 •Off 1: Select this option to view directly in front of the product.
 •Lean Back Mode 1  2: Select this option to view from a place slightly lower than the product.
 •Lean Back Mode 2  3: Select this option to view from a place lower than Lean Back Mode 1 .
 •Standing Mode  4: Select this option to view from a place higher than the product.
 •Side Mode  5: Select this option to view from either side of the product.
 •Group View : Select this option for more than one viewer to view from places 1, 4, and 5.
 •Custom: Lean Back Mode 1  will be applied by default if Custom is selected.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36
HDMI Black Level
If a DVD player or set-top box is connected to the product via HDMI, image quality degradation (contrast/
color degradation, black level, etc.) may occur, depending on the connected source device. In such case, HDMI Black Level can be used to adjust the image quality.
If this is the case, correct the degraded picture quality using HDMI Black Level.
 ―This function is only available in HDMI1  or HDMI2 mode.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Normal : Select this mode when there is no contrast ratio degradation.
 •Low : Select this mode to reduce the black level and increase the white level when there is a 
contrast ratio degradation.
 ―HDMI Black Level may not be compatible with some source devices.
 ―The HDMI Black Level feature is only activated at a certain AV resolution, such as 720P @ 60 Hz and 1080P 
@ 60 Hz.
Eye Saver Mode
Set to an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation.TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” is a certification for products which meet requirements for 
lower blue light levels. When Eye Saver Mode  is 'On', the blue light that wavelength is around 400nm 
will decrease, and it will provide an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation. At the same time, the blue light level is lower than in the default settings, and it was tested by TÜV Rheinland and certified as it met the requirements of TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” standards.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Basic Color  mode.Game Mode
Configure the product screen settings for game mode.
Use this feature when playing games on a PC or when a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™ 
is connected.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Basic Color  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―When the monitor turns off, enters power-saving mode or changes input sources, Game Mode  turns Off 
even if it is set to On.
 ―If you want to keep Game Mode  enabled all the time, select Always On .
 ―This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
Response Time
Accelerate the panel response rate to make video appear more vivid and natural.
 ―Use Standard  mode when not playing a video or game.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size is set to  /  /  (PIP 
Mode).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  37
Picture Size
Change the picture size.
 ―This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size is set to  (PBP Mode).
 ―This option is not available when FreeSync is enabled.
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the input source.
 •Wide: Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the input source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit: Display the picture with the original aspect ratio without cutting off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP/MINI DP cable. 
 ―The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode is 
set to AV.Screen Adjustment
 ―This menu is only available when Picture Size is set to Screen Fit in AV  Mode.
When a 480P or 576P or 720P or 1080P signal is input in AV  mode and the monitor can display normally, 
select Screen Fit to adjust horizontal position in 0-6 levels.
Configuring H-Position & V-Position
H-Position: Move the screen to the left or right.
V-Position: Move the screen up or down.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38Configuring the PIP/PBP  Settings
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  05
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ 
from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
PIP/PBP  Mode
Enable or disable the PIP/PBP Mode  function.
The PIP (Picture in Picture) function separates the screen into two parts. One source device is displayed 
on the main screen at the same time the another source device is displayed in inset windows.
The PBP (Picture by Picture) function separates the screen in half displaying output from two different 
source devices simultaneously on the left and right sides of the screen. ―PIP/PBP  mode is compatible with Windows 7 , Windows 8, and Windows 10.
 ―The PIP/PBP function may not be available depending on the specifications of the graphics card used. If the 
screen is blank in PIP/PBP  mode when the optimum resolution is selected, go to Control Panel → Display  → 
Screen Resolution and click Detect on the PC. (Instructions are based on Windows 7 .) If the screen is blank 
when the resolution is set to the optimum resolution, change the resolution to 1280 x 1024.
 ―The screen may flicker briefly or appear after a delay when you enable or disable the PIP/PBP  function or 
when you change the screen size with the PIP/PBP  function activated.
This can typically arise when a PC and a monitor are connected to two or more input sources. It has nothing 
to do with the performance of a monitor.
The issue is mainly caused when the video signals are delayed in transmission to the monitor depending on 
the graphics card performance.
 ―To maximize the picture quality and Sound can be normal output it is recommended to use a graphics card 
or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz) resolution when connect HDMI1  port.
 ―To maximize the picture quality and Sound can be normal output it is recommended to use a graphics card 
or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz) resolution when connect HDMI2 port.
 ―When the PIP/PBP  function is enabled, the resolution will not be able to automatically switch to the 
optimum resolution due to a compatibility issue between the graphics card and the Windows system.Set PIP/PBP Mode  to Off. Alternatively, restart the monitor, then set the resolution to the optimum setting 
using the Windows interface.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  39
Size
Select the size and aspect ratio of the sub-screen.
 • : Select the icon image if you want to use PBP mode where the optimum resolution for the left 
and right sides of the screen is 1920 x 2160 (width x height).
 • : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution for the sub-
screen is 720 x 480 (width x height).
 • : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution of the sub-
screen is 1280 x 720 (width x height).
 • : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution of the sub-
screen is 1920 x 1080 (width x height).
Position
Select the position of the sub-screen from the available options.
 •  /  /  / 
 ―Not available when PBP is selected.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.Sound  Source
Set which screen you want to hear the sound for.
PIP mode
 / 
PBP mode
 / Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40
Source
Select the source for each screen.
Due to DisplayPort and MiniDP can't be identified at the same time, if DisplayPort and MiniDP as the 
source at the same time ,the ' Apply' is not available.
PIP Mode (available in PIP mode( Size   /  / ))
 ―The input source for the main screen changes.
 ―With the exception of the current input source, the other two input sources can be selected.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 ―When the Function Key Guide appears, move the JOG button LEFT to select the  icon and then press 
the JOG button. The main screen will switch in the order DisplayPort → HDMI1  → HDMI2(U28H750UQ*) or 
DisplayPort → MiniDP → HDMI1  → HDMI2(U32H850UM*).
PBP Mode (available in PBP mode(Size  ))
 ―The input source for the main screen changes.
 ―The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 ―When the input signal of the left and right screens are the same, the operation cannot be performed.
 ―When the Function Key Guide appears, move the JOG button LEFT to select the  icon and then press the 
JOG button. The same PBP source setting menu appears.Picture Size
PIP Mode  (available in PIP mode ( Size   /  / ))
Select the image size for sub-screen.
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
 •Wide: Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit: Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting anything off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP/MINI DP cable.
 ―The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode is 
set to AV.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  41
PBP Mode (available in PBP mode(Size  ))
Set the Picture Size  for each of the divided screens.
In PC mode
 •Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
 •Wide: Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.
In AV mode
 •4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
 •16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
 •Screen Fit: Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting anything off.
 ―The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 ―Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 ―A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP/MINI DP cable.
 ―The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally (Not every model can 
support all of these signals.).
 ―This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP/MINI DP and PC/AV Mode  is 
set to AV.Contrast
PIP Mode (available in PIP mode( Size   /  / ))
Adjust the contrast level for sub-screen.
PBP Mode (available in PBP mode(Size  ))
Adjust the contrast level for each screen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42Adjusting OSD (On Screen Display) settings
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  06
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ 
from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
Transparency
Set the transparency for the menu windows.Language
Set the menu language.
 ―A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display.
 ―It will not be applied to other functions on your PC.
Display  Time
Set the on-screen display (OSD) menu to automatically disappear if the menu is not used for a specified 
period of time.
Display Time  can be used to specify the time after which you want the OSD menu to disappear.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  43Setup and Reset
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.Chapter  07
 ―The functions available may vary depending on the product model. The color and shape of parts may differ 
from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
FreeSync
FreeSync technology is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency.
This feature will eliminate screen tearing and lag during game play. Improve your gaming experience.The displayed FreeSync menu items on the monitor may vary, depending on the monitor model and 
compatibility with the AMD graphics card.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 ―The sound quality of the monitor may decrease if FreeSync is enabled. •Off: Disable FreeSync.
 •Standard Engine : Enable the basic FreeSync functions of the AMD graphics card.
 •Ultimate Engine : Enable the FreeSync feature with a higher screen frame rate. Screen tearing 
(abnormal sync between the screen and content) is reduced in this mode. Note that screen 
flickering may occur during game play.
Apply the optimum resolution when using FreeSync.
The refresh rate setting method please refer to Q & A  → How can I change the frequency?
 ―The FreeSync function is only enabled in HDMI2, DisplayPort or MiniDP mode.
Use the HDMI/DP/MINI DP cable provided by the manufacturer when using FreeSync.
If you use the FreeSync function while playing a game, the following symptoms may occur:
 •The screen may flicker depending on the type of graphics card, the game option settings, or the video being played. Try the following actions: decrease the game setting values, change the current FreeSync  mode to Standard Engine, or visit the AMD website to check your graphics driver’s 
version and update it with the latest one.
 •While you are using the FreeSync function, the screen may flicker due to variation of the output 
frequency from the graphics card.
 •The response rate during the game may fluctuate depending on the resolution. A higher resolution generally decreases the response rate.
 •The sound quality of the monitor may be degraded.
 ―If you encounter any issues when using the function, contact the Samsung Service Center.
 ―When the resolution is changed while setting FreeSync to Standard Engine  or Ultimate Engine , the screen 
tearing can happen intermittently. Set FreeSync to Off and change the resolution.
 ―The function is unavailable in the devices (e.g. AV devices) that have no AMD graphic card. If the function is 
applied, the screen may have malfunction.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44
The models in the Graphic Cards list supports FreeSync
FreeSync can only be used with specific AMD graphics card models. Refer to the following list for 
supported graphics cards:
Make sure to install the latest official graphics drivers from AMD that support FreeSync.
 ―For additional AMD graphics card models that support the FreeSync feature, visit the official AMD website.
 ―Select FreeSync Off  if you are using a graphics card from a different manufacturer.
 ―When applying the FreeSync function via the HDMI interface, it may fail to work due to the bandwidth 
limitation of certain AMD display cards.
 •AMD Radeon R9 300 Series (Not include 
370/370X)
 •AMD Radeon R9 Fury X
 •AMD Radeon R7 360
 •AMD Radeon R9 295X2
 •AMD Radeon R9 290X •AMD Radeon R9 290
 •AMD Radeon R9 285
 •AMD Radeon R7 260X
 •AMD Radeon R7 260
 •AMD Radeon RX 400 Series
How do you enable FreeSync?
1 Set FreeSync to Standard Engine  or Ultimate Engine  in the OSD menu.
2 Enable FreeSync in AMD Radeon Settings :
Right-click the mouse  → AMD Radeon Settings  → Display
The "AMD FreeSync" feature should be set to "On". Select to "On" if not already enabled.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  45
Eco Saving Plus
The Eco Saving Plus  function reduces power consumption by controlling the electric current used by 
the monitor panel.
 ―This option is not available when SAMSUN G
MAGIC Bright  is in Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 ―This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 ―This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode  is enabled.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.
 •Off: Deactivate the Eco Saving Plus  function.
 •Auto : The power consumption will automatically be reduced by about 10% over the current setting.
(The reduction of power consumption depends on the customer screen brightness condition.)
 •Low : The power consumption will be reduced by 25% over the default setting.
 •High : The power consumption will be reduced by 50% over the default setting.
Off Timer  Plus
Configuring Off  Timer
Off Timer: Turn on Off Timer mode.
Turn Off After : The off timer can be set within a range of 1 to 23 hours. The product will automatically 
power off after the specified number of hours.
 ―This option is only available when Off Timer is set to On .
 ―For products for the market in some regions, the Off Timer is set to automatically activate 4 hours after the 
product powers on. This is done in accordance with power supply regulations. If you do not want the timer 
to activate, go to  → System  → Off Timer Plus  and set Off Timer to Off.Configuring E co Timer
Eco Timer : Turn on Eco Timer  mode.
Eco Off After : The Eco Timer  can be set between 10 and 180 minutes. The product will automatically 
power off after the specified time has elapsed.
 ―This option is only available when Eco Timer  is set to On.
USB  Super  Charging  (U32H850UM*)
Charge the battery of a connected source device quickly using the USB 3.0 port on the product.
USB Super Charging : Turn on USB Super Charging  mode.
 •USB1 / USB2
 ―Super charging is available via 1 and 2 ports. Use these ports to charge devices faster than using 
a normal USB port. The charging speed may vary, depending on the connected device.
 ―Quick battery charging may not be supported and/or charging may take more time on some mobile 
devices.
 ―When super charging is turned off for 1 and 2 ports, use these ports for regular speed charging 
and data transfer.
 ―If a USB 2.0 or lower device is connected to the 1 or 2 port and super charging is turned on, data 
transfer is impossible, but it is possible if a USB 3.0 device is connected.
※ These ports may not be compatible with new USB devices that may be released in the future.
 ―If a device, such as a mouse, keyboard or memory storage device, is connected to the 1 or 2 port 
and the device is USB 2.0 or lower, turn off super charging.
 ―If super charging is turned on using the OSD settings menu, all devices connected to USB ports 1 through 4 
on the monitor are re-recognized. This ensures optimum charging.※ Before turning on super charging, close all files on storage devices connected to USB ports.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46
PC/AV Mode
Set PC/AV Mode  to AV. The picture size will be enlarged.
This option is useful when you view a movie.
 •Set to PC when connected to a PC.
 •Set to AV when connected to an AV device.
 ―Supplied for the wide models only such as 16:9 or 16:10.
 ―If the monitor (when set to HDMI1 , HDMI2, DisplayPort(U28H750UQ*) or HDMI1 , HDMI2, DisplayPort, 
MiniDP (U32H850UM*)) is in power saving mode or is displaying the message Check Signal Cable, press the 
 icon to display the On Screen Display (OSD). You can select PC or AV.
Display Port Ver.
Select your Displayport.
 ―Incorrect settings may cause the screen to go blank. If this occurs, check the device specifications.
 ―If the monitor (when set to HDMI1 , HDMI2, DisplayPort(U28H750UQ*) or HDMI1 , HDMI2, DisplayPort, 
MiniDP (U32H850UM*)) is in power saving mode or is displaying the message Check Signal Cable, press the 
 icon to display the On Screen Display (OSD). You can select 1.1  or 1.2↑ .
 ―If you select 1.1, the maximum resolution of your screen drops to 2560 x 1440 due to the limitations in HBR1 
transmission speeds.
Source  Detection
Select either Auto  or Manual as the method to recognize input signal.
 ―Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On.Key Repeat Time
Control the response rate of a button when the button is pressed.
Acceleration , 1 sec, or 2 sec can be selected. If No Repeat  is selected, a command responds only once 
when a button is pressed.
Power  LED On
Configure the settings to enable or disable the power LED located at the lower part of the product.
 •Working: The power LED is on when the product is turned on.
 •Stand-by : The power LED is on when the product is turned off.
Reset  All
Return all the settings for the product to the default factory settings.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  47
Information
View the current input source, frequency and resolution.
Picture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationInformation
ExitLU********/**
S/N:**************
HDMI1
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz
PIP
Picture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationInformation
ExitLU********/**
S/N:**************
HDMI1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzHDMI2
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz
PBP
Picture
PIP/PBP
OnScreen Display
System
InformationInformation
ExitLU********/**
S/N:**************
HDMI1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzHDMI2
**** x ****
**kHz **Hz
 ―The displayed image may differ depending on the model.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48Installing the SoftwareChapter  08
Easy Setting Box
Easy Setting Box  enables users to use the monitor by partitioning multiple sections.
To install the latest version of Easy Setting Box, download it from the Samsung Electronics website at 
http://www.samsung.com.
 ―The software may not work properly if you do not restart the computer after the installation.
 ―The Easy Setting Box icon may not appear depending on the computer system and the product 
specifications.
 ―If the shortcut icon does not appear, press the F5 key.
Restrictions and Problems with the Installation
The Easy Setting Box installation may be affected by the Graphics Card, Motherboard and the 
Networking Environment.System Requirements
OS Hardware
 •Windows XP 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows Vista 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 7 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 8 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 8.1 32Bit/64Bit
 •Windows 10 32Bit/64Bit •At least 32MB of memory
 •At least 60MB of free space on the hard disk driveDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  49Troubleshooting GuideChapter  09
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung 
Customer Service Center
 ―Before calling Samsung Customer Service Center, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, 
contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Testing the Product
Check if your product is operating normally by using the product test function.
If the screen is turned off and the power indicator blinks even though the product is properly connected 
to a PC, perform a self-diagnosis test.
1 Power off both the PC and product.
2 Disconnect the cables from the product.
3 Power on the product.
4 If the message Check Signal Cable  appears, the product is working normally.
 ―If the screen remains blank, check the PC system, video controller and cable.
Checking the Resolution and Frequency
For a mode that exceeds the supported resolution(refer to Standard Signal Mode Table ), the message 
Not Optimum Mode will appear for a short time.
 ―The displayed resolution may vary, depending on the computer system settings and cables.Check the following.
Installation issue (PC mode)
The screen keeps switching on and off.
Check the cable connection between the product and PC, and ensure the connectors are locked.
Blank spaces are found on all four sides of the screen when an HDMI or HDMI-DVI cable is connected to the product and PC.
The blank spaces found on the screen have nothing to do with the product.
Blank spaces on the screen are caused by the PC or graphics card. To resolve the problem, adjust the 
screen size in the HDMI or DVI settings for the graphics card.
If the graphics card settings menu does not have an option to adjust the screen size, update the 
graphics card driver to the latest version.
(Please contact the graphics card or computer manufacturer for further details about how to adjust 
the screen settings.)
Screen issue
The power LED is off. The screen will not switch on.
Check that the power cable is connected properly.
The message Check Signal  Cable  appears.
Check that the cable is properly connected to the product.
Check that the device connected to the product is powered on.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50
Not Optimum Mode  is displayed.
This message appears when the signal from the graphics card exceeds the maximum resolution or 
frequency for the product.
Change the maximum resolution and frequency to suit the product performance, referring to 
Standard Signal Mode Table (P. 53).
The images on the screen look distorted.
Check the cable connection to the product.
The screen is not clear. The screen is blurry.
Remove any accessories (video extension cable, etc.) and try again.
Set the resolution and frequency to the recommended level.
The screen appears unstable and shaky. There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
Check that the resolution and frequency for the PC are within the range of resolution and frequency 
compatible with the product. Next, if required, change the settings, referring to Standard Signal Mode Table (P. 53) in this manual and the Information  menu on the product.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too dark.
Adjust Brightness  and Contrast.
Screen color is inconsistent.
Change the Color settings.
The colors on the screen have a shadow and are distorted.
Change the Color settings.
White does not really look white.
Change the Color settings.
There is no image on the screen and the power LED blinks every 0.5 to 1 second.
The product is operating in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the keyboard or move the mouse to return to normal operating mode.
Text is blurry.
If using a Windows OS (e.g. Windows 7 , Windows 8, Windows 8.1 or Windows 10): Go to Control Panel → 
Fonts → Adjust ClearType text and change Turn on ClearType .Video playback is choppy.
Playback of high-definition large video files can be choppy. This may be because the video player is 
not optimized for the computer resource. 
Try playing the file on another video player.
Sound issue
There is no sound.
Check the connection of the audio cable or adjust the volume.Check the volume.
The volume is too low.
Adjust the volume.If the volume is still low after turning it up to the maximum level, adjust the volume on your PC sound 
card or software program.
Video is available but there is no sound.
Sound cannot be heard if a HDMI-DVI cable is used to connect the input device.
Connect the device using an HDMI cable, DP cable or MINI DP cable.
Source device issue
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is booting.
If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is booting, have your PC serviced.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  51
Q & A
 ―Refer to the user manual for your PC or graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.
How can I change the frequency?
Set the frequency on your graphics card.
 •Windows XP: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Themes  → Display  → Settings → Advanced  → Monitor, and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel → Display  → Settings → Advanced  → Monitor, and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalization → Display Settings  → Advanced Settings  → Monitor, and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Screen Resolution  → Advanced settings  → Monitor, and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Screen Resolution  → Advanced settings  → Monitor, and adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings → System  → Display  → Advanced display settings  → Display adapter properties  → Monitor, and adjust Screen refresh rate  under Monitor settings.
How can I change the resolution?
 •Windows XP: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Themes  → Display  → Settings, and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel → Display  → Settings, and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalize  → Display Settings , and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 7: Go to Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Adjust Resolution, and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Go to Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Display  → Adjust Resolution, and adjust the resolution.
 •Windows 10: Go to Settings → System  → Display  → Advanced display settings , and adjust the resolution.
How do I set power-saving mode?
 •Windows XP: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Themes  → Display  → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows ME/2000: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Display  → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows Vista: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalize  → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 7: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalize  → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 8(Windows 8.1): Set power-saving mode in Settings → Control Panel → Appearance and Personalization  → Personalize  → Screen Saver Settings  → Power options or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
 •Windows 10: Set power-saving mode in Settings → Personalization → Lock screen → Screen timeout settings  → Power & sleep  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  52SpecificationsChapter  10
General
Model Name U28H750UQ* U32H850UM*
Size 28 Class (27 .9 Inches / 70.8 cm) 32 Class (31.5 Inches / 80.1 cm)
Display area 620.93 mm (H) x 341.28 mm (V)
24.4 Inches (H) x 13.4 Inches (V)698.4 mm (H) x 392.85 mm (V)27 .5 Inches (H) x 15.5 Inches (V)
Pixel Pitch 0.16 mm (H) x 0.16 mm (V)0.006299 Inches (H) x  
0.006299 Inches (V)0.181 mm (H) x 0.181 mm (V)0.007126 Inches (H) x  
0.007126 Inches (V)
Maximum Pixel Clock 533.25 MHz (DisplayPort)
297 .00 MHz (HDMI1)594.00 MHz (HDMI2)533.25 MHz (DisplayPort/MINI 
DisplayPort)
297 .00 MHz (HDMI1)594.00 MHz (HDMI2)
Power Supply AC 100 - 240 V – (+/- 10 %), 50/60 Hz ± 3 Hz
Refer to the label at the back of the product as the standard voltage can 
vary in different countries.
Signal connectors HDMI, DisplayPort HDMI, DisplayPort,  
MINI DisplayPort
Environmental conditions Operating
Temperature: 50 F – 104 F (10 C – 40 C)
Humidity: 10 % – 80 %, non-condensing
Storage
Temperature: -4 F – 113 F (-20 C – 45 C)
Humidity: 5 % – 95 %, non-condensing ―Plug-and-Play
This monitor can be installed and used with any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. Two-way data 
exchange between the monitor and PC system optimizes the monitor settings. Monitor installation takes place automatically. However, you can customize the installation settings if desired.
 ―Panel Dots (Pixels)
Due to the nature of the manufacturing of this product, approximately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) may be brighter or darker on the LCD panel. This does not affect product performance.
 ―The above specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 ―This device is a Class B digital apparatus.
 ―For detailed device specifications, visit the Samsung Electronics website.
(USA only)
Dispose unwanted electronics through an approved recycler.To find the nearest recycling location, go to our website:www.samsung.com/recyclingdirect or call, (877) 278 - 0799Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  53
Standard Signal Mode Table
Model Name U28H750UQ* U32H850UM*
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30 – 135 kHz 30 – 135 kHz
Vertical Frequency 56 – 75 Hz (DisplayPort)
24 – 75 Hz (HDMI1/HDMI2)56 – 75 Hz (DisplayPort/MINI DisplayPort)24 – 75 Hz (HDMI1/HDMI2)
Resolution Optimum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort)3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort/MINI DisplayPort)3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)
Maximum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort)3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort/MINI DisplayPort)3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)
If a signal that belongs to the following standard signal modes is transmitted from your PC, the screen will automatically be adjusted. If the signal transmitted from the PC does not belong to the standard signal 
modes, the screen may be blank even though the power LED turns on. In such a case, change the settings according to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manual.
Displayport/MINI DisplayPort
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 37 .879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57 .284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67 .500 75.000 108.000 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54
Displayport/MINI DisplayPort
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67 .500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-
HDMI1
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37 .879 60.317 40.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57 .284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67 .500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  55
HDMI1
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67 .500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
CEA, 3840 x 2160 67 .500 30.000 297.000 +/+
HDMI2
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37 .500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37 .879 60.317 40.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57 .284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67 .500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56
HDMI2
Resolution Horizontal Frequency (kHz) Vertical Frequency (Hz) Pixel Clock (MHz) Sync Polarity (H/V)
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67 .500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
CEA, 3840 x 2160 135.000 60.000 594.000 +/+
 ―Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. Horizontal frequency is measured in 
kHz.
 ―Vertical Frequency
Repeating the same picture dozens of times per second allows you to view natural pictures. The repeat frequency is called "vertical frequency" or "refresh rate" and is indicated in Hz.
 ―This product can be set to only one resolution for each screen size to obtain the optimum picture quality due to the nature of the panel. Using a resolution other than the specified resolution may degrade the picture quality. 
To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum resolution specified for your product.
 ―Some resolutions listed in the table above may not be available depending on graphics card specifications.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  57AppendixChapter  11
Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to 
Customers)
 ―When the service is requested, in spite of in warranty, we may charge you for a visit from a service 
technician in the following cases.
Not a product defect
Cleaning of the product, Adjustment, Explanation, Re-installation and etc.
 •If a service technician gives instructions on how to use product or simply adjusts options without 
disassembling product.
 •If a defect is caused by external environmental factors (Internet, Antenna, Wired Signal, etc.)
 •If a product is reinstalled or devices are connected additionally after installing the purchased product for the first time.
 •If a product is reinstalled to move to a different spot or to move to a different house.
 •If customer requests instructions on how to use because of another company's product.
 •If customer requests instructions on how to use the network or another company's Program.
 •If customer requests software installation and setup for the product.
 •If a service technician removes/cleans dusts or foreign materials inside of the product.
 •If customer requests an installation additionally after purchasing a product through home-shopping or online.A Product damage caused by customer's fault
Product damage caused by customer's mishandling or wrong repair
If a product damage is caused by;
 •External impact or drop.
 •Use of supplies or separatly sold product unspecified by Samsung.
 •Repair from a person besides an engineer of outsourcing service company or partner of Samsung 
Electronics Co., Ltd.
 •Remodeling or repairing the product by customer.
 •Using it with incorrect voltage or non-authorised electrical connections.
 •Not following the "cautions" in User Manual.
Others
 •If product fails by natural disaster. (lightning, fire, earthquake, flood damage, etc)
 •If consumable components are all used up. (Battery, Toner, Fluorescent lights, Head, Vibrator, Lamp, Filter, Ribbon, etc.)
 ―If customer requests a service in case the product has no defect, service fee may be charged. So please 
read User Manual first.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  User manual
U28E590D
U24E590D
The color and the appearance may differ depending on
the product, and the specifications are subject to
change without prior notice to improve the performance.
BN46-00481B-06Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents 2Table Of Contents
BEFORE USING THE
PRODUCT7 Copyright
7 Icons used in this manual
8 Cleaning
9 Securing the Installation Space9 Precautions for storage
10 Safety Precautions
10 Symbols
11 Electricity and Safety
12 Installation and Safety 
14 Operation and Safety
18 Correct posture to use the product 
PREPARATIONS 19 Checking the Contents
19 Checking the Components
20 Parts
20 Control Panel
21 Direct Key guide
22 Function Key Guide24 Reverse Side
25 Installation
25 Attaching the Stand
26 Removing the Stand
27 Installing a Wall-mount Kit or Desktop Stand28 Adjusting the Product Tilt28 Anti-theft Lock
CONNECTING AND USING
A SOURCE DEVICE29 Before Connecting
29 Pre-connection CheckpointsDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 329 Connecting and Using a PC
29 Connection Using the HDMI Cable
30 Connection Using an DP Cable31 Connecting to Headphones
31 Tidying Up the Connected Cables
32 Connecting the Power34 Driver Installation
35 Setting Optimum Resolution
SCREEN SETUP 36 SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
36 Configuring SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
38 Brightness
38 Configuring Brightness
39 Contrast
39 Configuring Contrast
40 Sharpness
40 Configuring Sharpness
41 Color
41 Configuring Color
43 SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle (U28E590D)
43 Configuring SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle
45 HDMI Black Level
45 Configuring the HDMI Black Level Settings
46 Eye Saver Mode
46 Configuring Eye Saver Mode
47 Game Mode
47 Configuring Game Mode
48 Response Time
48 Configuring the Response Time
49 Picture Size
49 Changing the Picture SizeDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 451 Screen Adjustment
51 Configuring H-Position  & V-Position
CONFIGURING THE PIP/
PBP SETTINGS52 PIP/PBP
53 Configuring PIP/PBP Mode
54 Configuring Size
55 Configuring Position
56 Configuring Sound Source
57 Configuring Source
59 Configuring Picture Size
63 Configuring Contrast
COORDINATING OSD 65 Transparency
65 Changing Transparency
66 Language
66 Configuring Language
67 Display Time
67 Configuring Display Time
SETUP AND RESET 68 FreeSync
68 Configuring FreeSync
71 Eco Saving Plus
71 Configuring Eco Saving Plus
72 Off Timer
72 Configuring Off Timer
73 Configuring Turn Off After
74 PC/AV Mode
74 Configuring PC/AV Mode
75 DisplayPort Ver.
75 Configuring DisplayPort Ver.
76 Source Detection
76 Configuring Source DetectionDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 577 Key Repeat Time
77 Configuring Key Repeat Time
78 Power LED On
78 Configuring Power LED On
79 Reset All
79 Initializing Settings ( Reset All )
INFORMATION MENU AND
OTHERS80 Information
80 Displaying Information
81 Configuring Eye Save r Mode, Brightness, 
and Contrast from  the Initial Screen
82 Configuring Volume in the Initial Screen
82 Volume
INSTALLING THE
SOFTWARE83 Easy Setting Box
83 Installing the Software
84 Removing the Software
TROUBLESHOOTING
GUIDE85 Requirements Before Contacting 
Samsung Customer Service Center
85 Testing the Product
85 Checking the Resolution and Frequency
85 Check the following.
88 Q & A
SPECIFICATIONS 90 General
91 PowerSaver92 Standard Signal Mode TableDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Table Of Contents
Table Of Contents 6APPENDIX 97 Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost 
to Customers)
97 Not a product defect
97 A Product damage caused by customer's fault
97 Others
98 Correct Disposal
98 Correct Disposal of This Product (Waste 
Electrical & Electronic Equipment)
99 Terminology
INDEXDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  7 Before Using the Product Before Using the Product
Copyright
The contents of this manual are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
© 2015 Samsung ElectronicsSamsung Electronics owns the copyright for this manual.
Use or reproduction of this manual in  parts or entirety without the authorization of Samsung Electronics is 
prohibited.Microsoft, Windows and Windows NT are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
VESA, DPM and DDC are registered trademarks of the Video Electronics Standards Association.
Icons used in this manualAn administration fee may be charged if either
(a) an engineer is called out at your request and there is no defect in the product
(i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
(b) you bring the unit to a repair center and there is no defect in the product (i.e. where you have failed to read this user manual).
The amount of such admini stration charge will be advised to yo u before any work or home visit is 
carried out.
The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may 
differ from what is shown in the images.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductCleaning
Exercise care when cleaning as the panel and exterior of advanced LCDs are easily scratched. 
Take the following steps when cleaning. 
1. Power off the monitor and computer.
2. Disconnect the power cord from the monitor.
 
Hold the power cable by the plug and do not touch the cable with wet 
hands. Otherwise, an electric shock may result.
 
3. Wipe the monitor screen using a clean, soft and dry cloth.
Do not apply a cleaning agent that contains alcohol, 
solvent, or surfactant to the monitor.
Do not spray water or detergent directly on the product.
4. Wet a soft and dry cloth in water and wring thoroughly to clean the 
exterior of the monitor.
5. Connect the power cord to the product after cleaning the product.
6. Power on the monitor and computer.
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  9Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductSecuring the Installation Space
Ensure some space around the product for ventilation. An internal temperature rise may cause fire 
and damage the product. Be sure to allow the amount of space as shown below or greater when installing the product.
 
The exterior may differ depending on the product.
 
Precautions for storage
 
Be sure to contact Samsung Customer Service Center if the inside of the monitor needs cleaning.
(A service fee will be charged.)
 3.93
inches(10 cm)3.93inches(10 cm)3.93 inches(10 cm)
3.93 inches(10 cm)3.93 inches(10 cm)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductSafety Precautions
SymbolsCaution
RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK DO NOT OPEN
Caution: TO REDUCE THE RISK OF ELECTRIC SHOCK, DO NOT REMOVE COVER (OR 
BACK). THERE ARE NO USER SERVICEABLE PARTS INSIDE. REFER ALL SERVICING TO 
QUALIFIED PERSONNEL.
This symbol indicates that high voltage is present inside. It is dangerous to 
make any kind of contact with any internal part of this product.
This symbol alerts you that important literature concerning operation and 
maintenance has been included with this product.
 Warning A serious or fatal injury may result if instructions are not followed.
 CautionPersonal injury or damage to properties may result if instructions are 
not followed.
Activities marked by this symbol are prohibited.
Instructions marked by this symbol must be followed.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  11Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductElectricity and Safety
 
The following images are for reference only. Real-life situations may differ from what is shown in the 
images.
 
 Warning
Do not use a damaged power cord or plug, or a loose power socket.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not plug many products into the same power socket.
Otherwise, the socket may overheat and cause a fire.
Do not touch the power plug with wet hands.
Otherwise, an electric shock may result.
Insert the power plug all the way in so it is not loose.
An unstable connection may cause a fire.
Ensure you connect the power plug to a grounded power socket. (type 1 
insulated devices only). 
An electric shock or injury may result.
Do not bend or pull the power cord with force. Do not weigh the power cord down with a heavy object.
A damaged power cord may cause an electric shock or fire.
Do not place the power cord or product near heat sources. 
An electric shock or fire may result.
Remove foreign substances such as dust around the plug pins and power socket 
with a dry cloth. 
Otherwise, a fire may result.!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product Caution
Installation and Safety 
 WarningDo not unplug the power cord when the product is in use.
The product may become damaged by an electric shock.
Do not use the power cord for products other than authorized products supplied 
by Samsung. 
An electric shock or fire may result.
Keep the power socket where the power cord is connected unobstructed. 
If any problem occurs in the product, unplug the power cable to completely 
cut the power to the product. 
Power to the product cannot be completely cut off with the power button. 
Hold the plug when disconnecting the power cord from the power socket. 
An electric shock or fire may result.
DO NOT PLACE CANDLES, INSECT RE PELLANTS OR CIGARETTES ON TOP 
OF THE PRODUCT. DO NOT INSTALL THE PRODUCT NEAR HEAT SOURCES.
Otherwise, a fire may result.
Avoid installing the product in a narrow space with bad ventilation, such as a 
bookshelf or wall closet.
Otherwise, a fire may result due to an increased internal temperature.
Keep the plastic packaging bag for the product in a place that cannot be reached 
by children.
Children may suffocate.!
!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  13Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product CautionDo not install the product on an unstable or vibrating surface (insecure shelf, 
sloped surface, etc.). 
The product may fall and break or cause a personal injury.
Using the product in an area with excess vibration may damage the product 
or cause a fire.
Do not install the product in a vehicle or a place exposed to dust, moisture (water 
drips, etc.), oil, or smoke. 
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not expose the product to direct sunlight, heat, or a hot object such as a 
stove.
Otherwise, the product lifespan may be reduced, or a fire may result.
Do not install the product within the reach of young children.
The product may fall and injure children. 
Edible oil, such as soybean oil, can dama ge or deform the product. Do not install 
the product in a kitchen or near a kitchen counter.
Take care not to drop the product when moving it. 
Otherwise, product failure or personal injury may result.
Do not set down the product on its front.
The screen may become damaged.
When installing the pr oduct on a cabi net or shelf, make sure that the bottom 
edge of the front of the product is not protruding.
The product may fall and break or cause a personal injury.
Install the product only  on cabinets or shelves of the right size.!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductOperation and Safety
 WarningPut down the product carefully.
The product may fall and break or cause a personal injury.
Installing the product in an unusual place (a place exposed to a lot of fine dust, 
chemical substances, extreme temperatures or a significant presence of moisture, or a place where the product will operate continuously for an extended 
period of time) may seriously affect its performance.
Be sure to consult Samsung Customer Service Center before installation if 
you want to install the product at such a place.
High voltage runs through the product. Do not attempt to disassemble, repair, or 
modify the product on your own.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Contact Samsung Customer Service Center for repair.
To move the product, first disconnect all the cables from it, including the power 
cable.
Otherwise, the power cord may be damaged and a fire or electric shock may 
result.
If the product generates a strange noise, a burning smell, or smoke, remove the 
power cord immediately and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not let children hang from the product or climb on top of it.
The product may fall, and your child may become injured or seriously 
harmed.
If the product falls or the exterior is damaged, power off the product, remove the 
power cord, and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Otherwise, an electric shock or fire may result. 
Do not put a heavy object, toy, or sweets on top of the product.
The product or heavy objects may fall as children try to reach for the toy or 
sweets resulting in a serious injury.!
SAMSUNG
!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  15Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductIf there is a thunderstorm or lightning strike, turn off the power and disconnect the 
power cable.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not drop objects on the product or apply impact.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Do not move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
Otherwise, the cable may be damaged and product failure, an electric shock 
or fire may result.
If a gas leakage is found, do not touch the product or power plug. Also, ventilate 
the area immediately.
Sparks can cause an explosion or fire.
Do not lift or move the product by pulling the power cord or any cable.
Otherwise, the cable may be damaged and product failure, an electric shock 
or fire may result.
Do not use or keep combustible spray or an inflammable substance near the 
product.
An explosion or fire may result.
Ensure the vents are not blocked by tablecloths or curtains.
Otherwise, a fire may result from an increased internal temperature.
Do not insert a metallic object (a chopstick, coin, hair pin, etc.) or inflammable 
object (paper, match, etc.) into the vent or ports of the product.
If water or any foreign substance enters the product, be sure to power off the 
product, remove the power cord, and contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result. 
Do not place objects containing liquid (vases, pots, bottles, etc) or metallic 
objects on top of the product.
If water or any foreign substance enters the product, be sure to power off the 
product, remove the power cord, and contact Samsung Customer Service Center. 
Product failure, an electric shock or fire may result.!
!
!GAS
!
100Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16Before Using the Product
 Before Using the Product Caution
Leaving the screen fixed on a stationary image for an extended period of time 
may cause afterimage burn-in or defective pixels.
If you are not going to use the product for an extended period of time, 
activate power-saving  mode or a moving-picture screen saver.
Disconnect the power cord from the power socket if you do not plan on using the 
product for an extended period of time (vacation, etc.).
Otherwise, a fire may result from accumulated dust, overheating, an electric 
shock, or electric leakage. 
Use the product at the recommended resolution and frequency.
Otherwise,Your eyesight may deteriorate.
Do not put DC power adapters together.
Otherwise, a fire may result.
Remove the plastic bag from the DC power adapter before you use it.
Otherwise, a fire may result.
Do not let water enter the DC power device or get the device wet.
An electric shock or fire may result. 
Avoid using the product outdoors where it can be exposed to rain or snow.
Be careful not to get the DC power adapter wet when you wash the floor.
Do not put the DC power adapter near to any heating apparatus.
Otherwise, a fire may result.
Keep the DC power adapter in a well-ventilated area.
Looking at the screen too close for an extended period of time can deteriorate 
your eyesight.!
!
-_-
!
!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  17Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductDo not hold the monitor upside-down or move it by holding the stand.
The product may fall and break or cause a personal injury.
Do not use humidifiers or stoves around the product.
An electric shock or fire may result.
Rest your eyes for more than 5 minutes for every 1 hour of product use.
Eye fatigue will be relieved.
Do not touch the screen when the product has been turned on for an extended 
period of time as it will become hot.
Store the small accessories used with the product out of reach of children.
Exercise caution when adjusting the product angle or stand height.
Otherwise, children's fingers or hands may become stuck and injured.
Tilting the product excessively may cause it to fall and result in personal 
injury. 
Do not place heavy objects on the product.
Product failure or person al injure may result.
When using headphones or earphones, do not turn the volume too high.
Having the sound too loud may damage your hearing.!
!
!Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18Before Using the Product
 Before Using the ProductCorrect posture to use the product 
Use the product in the correct posture as follows:
Straighten your back.
Allow a distance of 45 to 50 cm between your eye and the screen, and look slightly 
downward at the screen. 
Keep your eyes directly in front of the screen. 
Adjust the angle so light does not reflect on the screen.
Keep your forearms perpendicular to your upper arms and level with the back of 
your hands.
Keep your elbows at about a right angle.
Adjust the height of the product so you can keep your knees bent at 90 degrees or more, your heels attached to the floor, and your arms lower than your heart.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  191 Preparations1 Preparations
1.1 Checking the Contents
1.1.1 Checking the Components
 
 Contact the dealer from whom you purch ased the product if any item is missing.
 The appearance of the components may differ from the images shown.
 
Components
 
 Components may vary depending on the country.
 Recommend to use the HDMI cable and DP cable which is provided by the supplier.
 The optimal resolution may not be  available when using a non-high  speed HDMI or HDMI-DVI cable.  
 To ensure that the screen displays properly and sound can be normal output, a DP cable that 
supports 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz is recommended. An HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 at 30 Hz will work when connect with HDMI 1. An HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz will work when connect with HDMI 2 .
 Quick Setup Guide Warranty card
(Not available in some 
locations)Regulatory guide
User manual
(optional)Power cable
(Only provided with the 
detachable DC power 
adapter.)DC power adapter
(Integrated)
(optional)
DC power adapter
(Detachable)
(optional)HDMI cable (optional) DP cable (optional)
Stand base Stand neckDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2 Parts
1.2.1 Control Panel
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change 
without notice to improve quality.
 
Icons Description
JOG ButtonMulti directional button that helps navigate.
 
The JOG button is located on the rear left side of the product. The button can be used to move up, down, left or right, or as Enter.
 
Function Key GuidePress the JOG button when the screen is turned on. The Function Key 
Guide will appear. To access the onscreen menu when the guide is 
displayed, press the corresponding direction button again.
 
Function Key Guide may vary depending on the function or product 
model. Please refer to the actual product.
 JOG Button
LEFTFunction Key Guide
UP
RIGHT
PRESS(ENTER)DOWNReturnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  21Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2.2 Direct Key guide
For guidance on shortcut keys, the below OSD (On Screen Display) will be displayed if you switch the 
source or turn on the monitor.
UP/DOWN: Adjust Brightness  / Contrast / Eye Saver Mode
LEFT/RIGHT: Adjust Volume .
PRESS(ENTER): Display Function Key Guide.Eye Saver Mode
Volume
Features
Eye Saver Mode OffDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2.3 Function Key Guide
To enter the main menu or to use other items, press the JOG button to display the Function Key Guide. 
You can exit by pressing the JOG button again.
UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT: Move to the item you want. The description for each item will appear when 
the focus changes.
PRESS(ENTER): The selected item will be applied.
 
Actual models because of functional variation,  Function key guide options will be different.
Please run the corresponding function based on the actual icon and description.
 
 
When the monitor displays nothing (i.e. Power saving mode or Non-signal mode), 2 direct keys for control source and power could be used as below.Icons Description
Selects [ ] to change the input signal by moving the JOG button in the Function 
Key Guide screen. A message will appear on th e top left corner of the screen if the 
input signal has been changed.
Selects [ ] by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen. 
The OSD (On Screen Display) of your Monitor’s feature appears.OSD control lock: Maintain the current settings, or lock the OSD control to prevent 
unintended changes to settings. Enable/Disable: To lock/unlock the OSD control, 
press the LEFT button for 10 seconds when the main menu displayed.
 
If the OSD control is locked,
Brightness  and Contrast  can be adjusted. PIP/PBP  is available.
Eye Saver Mode is available. Information  can be viewed.
 
Selects [ ] by moving the JOG button in the function key guide screen.
Press the button when configuring settings for the PIP/PBP function is required.
Selects [ ] to turn the Monitor off by moving the JOG button in the function key 
guide screen.ReturnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  23Preparations1
1 Preparations 
 
When the monitor displays the Main menu the JOG Button could be used as below.
 JOG Button Power saving/Non-signal mode
UP
Source Change
Down
PRESS(ENTER) for 2 seconds Power Off
JOG Button Action
UP/DOWN - Move the option
LEFT- Exit the Main menu.
- Close Sublist without saving value.- Value decreases in the slider.
RIGHT- Move to next depth.- Value increases in the slider.
PRESS(ENTER)- Move to next depth.- Save the value and close Sublist.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24Preparations1
1 Preparations1.2.4 Reverse Side
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change 
without notice to improve quality.
 
Port About ports
Connect to a source device using an HDMI cable.
 
HDMI 1 support 3840 x 2160 30 Hz
HDMI 2 support 3840 x 2160 60 Hz
 
Connects to a PC using a DP cable.
Connect to an audio output device such as headphones.
 
The sound could only be heard when using the HDMI to HDMI 
cable or DP cable.
 
Connects to the DC power adapter.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  25Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3 Installation
1.3.1 Attaching the Stand
 
Before assembling the product, place the product down on a flat and stable surface so that the screen 
is facing downwards.
 
Insert the stand neck into the 
stand base in the direction 
shown in the figure.Check that the stand neck is 
firmly connected.Tightly fasten the connecting screw at the bottom of the 
stand base.
Place a soft cloth over the table to protect the product and place the product onto the 
cloth so that the front of the 
product is facing downwards.Hold the main body of the product with your hand as shown by the figure.
Push the assembled stand into 
the main body in the direction 
of the arrow as shown in the figure.- Caution
Do not hold the product upside 
down only by the stand.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.2 Removing the Stand
Place a soft cloth over the table to protect the product and 
place the product onto the cloth so that the front of the product 
faces downwards.
To disassemble the stan d from the monitor, make sure to press 
the lower part of the monitor with one hand, and pull and sway sideways the stand with the other hand, as shown in the 
picture.
Turn the connecting screw at the bottom of the stand base to separate it.
Remove the stand neck from the stand base by pulling it in the 
direction of the arrow as shown in the figure.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  27Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.3 Installing a Wall-moun t Kit or Desktop Stand
 
Power the product off and remove the power cable from the power socket.
 
 Attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand here
 Bracket (sold separately)
Align the grooves and tightly fasten the screws on the bracket on the product with the corresponding 
parts on the wall-mount kit or desktop stand you want to attach.
 
Notes
 Using a screw longer than the standard length can damage the internal components of the 
product.
 The length of screws required for a wall mount that does not comply with the VESA standards may vary depending on the specifications.
 Do not use screws that do not comply with the VESA standards. Do not attach the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force. The product may get damaged or fall and cause personal injury. Samsung shall not be held liable for any damage or injury caused by using improper screws or attaching the wall-mount kit or desktop stand using excessive force.
 Samsung shall not be held liable for any product damage or personal injury caused by using a wallmount kit other than the one specified or from  an attempt to install the wall-mount kit on your 
own.
 To mount the product on a wall, ensure you purchase a wall-mount kit that can be installed 10cm or farther away from the wall.
 Be sure to use a wall-mount kit that complies with the standards.
 To install the monitor using a wall mount, disconnect the stand base from the monitor.
 1 2
4 3Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28Preparations1
1 Preparations1.3.4 Adjusting the Product Tilt
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change 
without notice to improve quality.
 
You can adjust the tilt of your monitor.
Hold the lower part of the product and adjust the tilt carefully.
1.3.5 Anti-theft Lock
An anti-theft lock allows you to use the product securely even in public places. The locking device shape 
and locking method depend on the manufacturer. Refer to the user guide provided with your anti-theft locking device for deta ils. The lock device is sold separately.
 
The color and shape of parts may differ from what is shown. Specifications are subject to change 
without notice to improve quality.
 
To lock an anti-theft locking device: 
1Fix the cable of your anti-theft locking device to a heavy object such as a desk.
2Put one end of the cable through the loop on the other end.
3Insert the locking device into the anti-theft lock slot at the back of the product.
4Lock the locking device.
 
 An anti-theft locking device can be purchased separately.
 Refer to the user guide provided with y our anti-theft locking device for details.
 Anti-theft locking devices can be purch ased at electronics retailers or online.
  -2° (±2.0°) – 20° (±2.0°)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  292 Connecting and Using a Source Device2 Connecting and Using a Source Device
2.1 Before Connecting
2.1.1 Pre-connection Checkpoints
Before connecting a source device, read the user manual provided with it.
The number and locations of ports on source devices may differ from device to device.
Do not connect the power cable until all connections are completed.Connecting the power cable during connection may damage the product.
Check the types of ports at the back of the product you want to connect.
2.2 Connecting and Using a PC
Select a connection method suitable for your PC.
 
 Connecting parts may differ in different products.
 If you don't use the cable that came with the components of the monitor, the monitor may not 
support the best resolution.
 
2.2.1 Connection Using the HDMI Cable
 
Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables. 
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 
1Connect the [HDMI IN 1] or [HDMI IN 2] port on th e back of the product to the HDMI port on the PC 
using an HDMI cable. 
2Connect the DC power adapter to the product and a power socket. 
Next, turn on the power switch on the PC. (For details, refer to "2.2.5  Connecting the Power".)
3Change the input source to HDMI 1  or HDMI 2 controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN, when input 
source is not set.
 
 Provided ports may vary depending on the product.HDMI IN 1 / HDMI IN 2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device To display 3840 x 2160 at 30 Hz, use an HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 at 30 Hz to 
connect HDMI 1 .
Make sure that the graphics card of the HDMI source supports 3840 x 2160 at 30 Hz. 
 To display 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz, use an HDMI cable that supports 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz to connect HDMI 2 .
Make sure that the graphics card of the HDMI source supports 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz.
 When connecting an HDMI cable, use the cable th at came with the components of the monitor.
If you use an HDMI cable other than provided by Samsung, the image quality may be degraded.
 
2.2.2 Connection Using an DP Cable
 
Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables. 
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 
1Connect the DP cable to the [DP IN] port on the back of the product and the DP port on the PC.
2Connect the DC power adapter to the product and a power socket. Next, turn on the power switch 
on the PC. (For details, refer to "2.2.5  Connecting the Power".)
3Change the input source to DisplayPort  controlling the JOG button UP /DOWN, when input source 
is not set.
 
 Provided ports may vary depending on the product.
 To display 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz, use a DP cable that supports 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz. 
Make sure that the graphics card of the DP source supports 3840 x 2160 at 60 Hz. 
 DP INDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  31Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2.3 Connecting to Headphones
 
Do not connect the power cable before connecting all other cables. 
Ensure you connect a source device first before connecting the power cable.
 
1Connect an audio output device such as headphones to [ ] port on the product.
 
The sound could only be heard when you video card's ports support audio out.
 
2.2.4 Tidying Up the Connected Cables
U28E590DDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2.5 Connecting the Power
Power connection using integrated DC power adapter
Connect the power adapter to [DC 14V] jack on the rear of the product. 
Plug in the power cable to the power socket.
 
The input voltage is switched automatically.
 
Power connection using detachable DC power adapter
Connect the power cable to the DC power adapter.
Then, connect the DC power adapter to the [DC 14V] port on the back of the product. Next, connect the power cable to the power outlet.
 
The input voltage is switched automatically.
 DC 14V 
DC 14V Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  33Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source DeviceChanging the sound settings on Windows
Control Panel   Audio   Speaker   Speaker Setup ª ª ª
1
3
2
4
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2.6 Driver Installation
 
 You can set the optimum resolution and frequency for this product by installing the corresponding 
drivers.
 An installation driver is contained on the CD supplied with the product.
 If the file provided is faulty, visit th e Samsung homepage (http://www.samsung.com/) and 
download the file.
 
1Insert the user manual CD provided with the product into the CD-ROM drive.
2Click "Windows Driver".
3Follow the instructions given on the screen to proceed with installation.
4Select your product model from the list of models.
5Go to Display Properties and check that the resolution and refresh rate are appropriate.
Refer to your Windows OS manual for further details.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  35Connecting and Using a Source Device2
2 Connecting and Using a Source Device2.2.7 Setting Optimum Resolution
An information message abou t setting optimum resolution will appear if you power on the product for the 
first time after purchase.
Select a language on the product and change the resolution on your PC to the optimum setting.
1Press the JOG button to display the language settings menu.
2To hide the message, move to Close  with the JOG button. Next, press the JOG button.
 
 If the optimum resolution is not selected, the message will appear up to three times for a specified 
time even when the product is turned off and on again.
 The optimum resolution can also be selected in Control Panel  on your PC.
 &ORVH7KHRSWLPDOUHVROXWLRQIRUWKLV
PRQLWRULVDVIROORZV




[





+]/DQJXDJH (QJOLVK
8VHWKHDERYHVHWWLQJVWRVHWWKHUHVROXWLRQRQ\RXU3&
&XUUHQW5HVROXWLRQ



[



6HWXS*XLGHDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  363 Screen Setup3 Screen Setup
Configure the screen settings such as brightness.
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
3.1 SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
This menu provides an optimum picture quality suitable for the environment where the product will be 
used.
 
 This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Angle is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
You can customize the brightness to suit your preferences.
3.1.1 Configuring SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Bright  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Custom : Customize the contrast and brightness as required.
Standard : Obtain a picture quality suitable for editing documents or using Internet.
Cinema : Obtain the brightness and sharpness of TVs suitable for enjoying video and DVD content.
Dynamic Contrast : Obtain balanced brightness through automatic contrast adjustment.U28E590D U24E590DSAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelOff
ReturnPicture
Custom
StandardCinemaDynamic ContrastSet to an optimum 
picture quality suitable for the working environment. 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver Mode Off
ReturnPicture
CustomStandardCinemaDynamic ContrastSet to an optimum 
picture quality suitable for the working environment.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  37Screen Setup3
3 Screen SetupWhen the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode is set to AV, 
Bright  has four automatic picture settings (Dynamic , Standard , Movie  and Custom ) that are 
preset at the factory. You can activate either Dynamic , Standard , Movie  or Custom . You can 
select Custom which automatically recalls your personalized picture settings.
Dynamic : Select this mode to view a sharper image than in Standard  mode.
Standard : Select this mode when the surroundings are bright. This also provides a sharp 
image.
Movie : Select this mode when the surroundings are dark. This will save power and reduce eye 
fatigue.
Custom : Select this mode when you want to adjust the image according to your preferences.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.U28E590D U24E590D
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelOff
Low
ReturnPicture
Dynamic
StandardMovieCustomSet to an optimum 
picture quality suitable for the working environment.
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeLow
Off
ReturnPicture
DynamicStandardMovieCustomSet to an optimum 
picture quality suitable for the working environment.
SAMSUNG
MAGICDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.2 Brightness
You can adjust the general brightness of the picture. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will make the picture appear brighter.
 
 This menu is not available when Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode is enabled.
 
3.2.1 Configuring Brightness
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Brightness  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear. 
4Adjust the Brightness  controlling the JOG button LEFT/RIGHT.
5The selected option will be applied.U28E590D U24E590DSAMSUNG
MAGIC
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
Off
ReturnPicture Adjust the brightness
level. Values closer to100 mean a brighterscreen.
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeCustom
100
7560
Off
ReturnPicture Adjust the brightness
level. Values closer to100 mean a brighterscreen.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  39Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.3 Contrast
Adjust the contrast between the objects and background. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will increase the contrast to make the object appear clearer.
 
 This option is not available when Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On  and the Size is set to  
(PBP Mode).
 
3.3.1 Configuring Contrast
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Contrast  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
4Adjust the Contrast  controlling the JOG button LEFT/RIGHT.
5The selected option will be applied.U28E590D U24E590DSAMSUNG
MAGIC
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
Off
ReturnPicture Adjust the contrast 
level. Values closer to 100 mean a bigger light/dark contrast.
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeCustom
100
7560
Off
ReturnPicture Adjust the contrast 
level. Values closer to 100 mean a bigger light/dark contrast.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  40Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.4 Sharpness
Make the outline of objects more clear or blurry. (Range: 0~100)
A higher value will make the outline of objects clearer.
 
 This option is not available when Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
3.4.1 Configuring Sharpness
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Sharpness  controlling the JOG button UP /DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
4Adjust the Sharpness  controlling the JOG button LEFT/RIGHT.
5The selected option will be applied.U28E590D U24E590DSAMSUNG
MAGIC
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
Off
ReturnPicture Adjust the sharpness
of the picture.Values closer to 100mean a sharper image.
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeCustom
100
7560
Off
ReturnPicture Adjust the sharpness
of the picture.Values closer to 100mean a sharper image.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  41Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.5 Color
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
 
 Adjust the tint of the screen. This menu is not available when Bright  is set to Cinema  or 
Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode is enabled.
 The Color Tone  and Gamma menu is not available when Angle  is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
3.5.1 Configuring Color
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Color  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Red: Adjust the red saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
Green : Adjust the green saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the 
color.
Blue: Adjust the blue saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.
Color Tone : Select a color tone that best suits your viewing needs.
Cool 2 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Cool 1 .U28E590D U24E590DSAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
Off
ReturnPicture Configure color 
settings.
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeCustom
100
7560
Off
ReturnPicture Configure color 
settings.
AUTO 
 Red
GreenBlueColor ToneGamma
ReturnColor Adjust the red 
saturation level. Values closer to 100 mean greater intensity for the color.50
5050
Normal
Mode1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  42Screen Setup3
3 Screen SetupCool 1 : Set the color temperature to be cooler than Normal  mode.
Normal : Display the standard color tone.
Warm 1 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Normal mode.
Warm 2 : Set the color temperature to be warmer than Warm 1 .
Custom: Customize the color tone.
 
When the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV , 
Color Tone  has four color temperature settings ( Cool , Normal , Warm  and Custom ).
 
Gamma : Adjust the middle level of luminance.
Mode1
Mode2
Mode3
4Move to the de sired option by controlling the JOG bu tton and then pre ss the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  43Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.6 SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle (U28E590D)
Angle  allows you to configure the settings to obtain the optimum picture quality according to your 
viewing angle.
 
 This option is not available when Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
This feature provides the viewing angle, brightness, and tint to suit your preferences.
3.6.1 Configuring SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Angle  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.SAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
Off
ReturnPicture Select an angle that 
best suits your viewing position.
Off
Lean Back Mode 1Lean Back Mode 2Standing ModeSide ModeDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  44Screen Setup3
3 Screen SetupOff : Select this option to view directly in front of the product.
Lean Back Mode 1  : Select this option to view from a place slightly lower than the product.
Lean Back Mode 2  : Select this option to view from a place lower than Lean Back Mode 1.
Standing Mode  : Select this option to view from a place higher than the product.
Side Mode  : Select this option to view from either side of the product.
Group View : Select this option for more than one viewer to view from places ,  and .
Custom : Lean Back Mode 1  will be applied by default if Custom  is selected.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelCustom
100
75
60
Off
ReturnPicture Select an angle that 
best suits your viewing position.
Group View
Custom
4
2
31
1
5 5
˝
˞
˟
ˠ
ˡ
˝ˠˡDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  45Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.7 HDMI Black Level
If a DVD player or set-top box is connected to the product via HDMI, image quality degradation (contrast/
color degradation, black level, etc.) may occur, depending on the connected source device. In such case, HDMI Black Level  can be used to adjust the image quality. If this is the case, correct the degraded 
picture quality using HDMI Black Level .
 
 This function is only available in HDMI 1  or HDMI 2 mode.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
3.7.1 Configuring the HDMI Black Level Settings
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to HDMI Black Level  controlling the JOG bu tton UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Normal : Select this mode when there is no contrast ratio degradation.
Low: Select this mode to reduce the black level and increase the white level when there is a 
contrast ratio degradation.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.
 
HDMI Black Level  may not be compatible with some source devices.
 U28E590D U24E590D
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
SAMSUNG
MAGIC AngleBrightness
ContrastSharpnessColor
HDMI Black LevelDynamic
100
75
60
Off
ReturnPicture Optimize HDMI picture
brightness and contrastby adjusting the blacklevel of the video signal.
Normal
Low
AUTO 
 SAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright
Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver ModeDynamic
100
7560
Off
ReturnPicture Optimize HDMI picture
brightness and contrastby adjusting the blacklevel of the video signal.
Normal
LowDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  46Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.8 Eye Saver Mode
 
Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
Set to an optimum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation.
TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” is a certificat ion for products which meet requirements for lower 
blue light levels. When Eye Saver Mode  is 'On', the blue light that wavelength is around 400nm will 
decrease, and it will provide an opti mum picture quality suitable for eye relaxation. At the same time, the 
blue light level is lower than in the default settings, and it was tested by TÜV Rheinland and certified as it 
met the requirements of TÜV Rheinland “Low Blue Light Content” standards.
3.8.1 Configuring Eye Saver Mode
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Eye Saver Mode  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.U28E590D U24E590D
AUTO 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentWide
ReturnPicture Set to an optimum
picture quality suitablefor eye relaxation.
Off
On
AUTO 
 Brightness
ContrastSharpnessColorHDMI Black LevelEye Saver Mode
ReturnPicture Set to an optimum
picture quality suitablefor eye relaxation.
Off
OnSAMSUNG
MAGIC Bright Custom
100
75
60Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  47Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.9 Game Mode
Configure the product screen settings for game mode.
Use this feature when playing games on a PC or when a game console such as PlayStation™ or Xbox™ is connected.
 
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
3.9.1 Configuring Game Mode
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Game Mode  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button. 
The following screen will appear.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.
 
 Game Mode  turns Off when the monitor turns on, power-saving mode activates, or the input 
source changes. 
 If you want to keep Game Mode  enabled all the time, select Always On .
 U28E590D U24E590D
AUTO 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen Adjustment16:9
ReturnPicture Optimizes image
settings for playinggames.
Off
OnAlways On
AUTO 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen Adjustment
ReturnPicture Optimizes image
settings for playinggames.
Off
OnAlways OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  48Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.10 Response Time
Accelerate the panel response rate to make video appear more vivid and natural.
 
 It is best to set Response Time  to Standard or Faster  when you are not viewing a movie.
 This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On and the Size is set to / /  
(PIP Mode).
 
3.10.1 Configuring the Response Time
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Response Time  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.U28E590D U24E590D
AUTO 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOff
16:9
ReturnPicture Accelerate the panel
response rate to makevideo appear morevivid and natural.
Standard
FasterFastest
AUTO 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOff
16:9
ReturnPicture Accelerate the panel
response rate to makevideo appear morevivid and natural.
Standard
FasterFastestDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  49Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.11 Picture Size
Change the picture size.
 
 This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On  and the Size is set to  
(PBP Mode).
 This menu is not available when FreeSync is enabled.
 
3.11.1 Changing the Picture Size
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Picture Size  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the input source.
Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the input source.In PC mode
U28E590D U24E590D
AUTO 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOffOff
16:9
ReturnPicture Choose the size and
aspect ratio of thepicture displayed onscreen.
Auto
Wide
AUTO 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOff
ReturnPicture Choose the size and
aspect ratio of thepicture displayed onscreen.
Auto
WideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  50Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup4:3: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and standard broadcasts.
16:9: Display the picture with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
Screen Fit : Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting 
off.
 
 The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP cable.
 The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally 
(Not every model can support all of these signals.).
 This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV.
 
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.In AV mode
U28E590D U24E590D
AUTO 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOffOff
16:9
ReturnPicture Choose the size and
aspect ratio of thepicture displayed onscreen.
4:3
16:9Screen Fit
AUTO 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOffOff
16:9
ReturnPicture Choose the size and
aspect ratio of thepicture displayed onscreen.
4:3
16:9Screen FitDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  51Screen Setup3
3 Screen Setup3.12 Screen Adjustment
3.12.1 Configuring H-Position & V-Position
H-Position: Move the screen to the left or right.
V-Position : Move the screen up or down.
 
This menu is only available when Picture Size  is set to Screen Fit  in AV Mode. When a 480P or 576P 
or 720P or 1080P signal is input in AV  mode and the monitor can display normally, select Screen Fit  to 
adjust horizontal position in 0-6 levels.
 
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Picture  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Screen Adjustment  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
4Move to the H-Position or V-Position  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG 
button.The following screen will appear.
5Adjust the H-Position or V-Position  controlling the JOG button LEFT/RIGHT and press the JOG 
button.
6The selected option will be applied.U28E590D U24E590D
AUTO 
 Eye Saver Mode
Game ModeResponse TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOffOff
Faster
Screen Fit
ReturnPicture
AUTO 
 Game Mode
Response TimePicture SizeScreen AdjustmentOff
Faster
Screen Fit
ReturnPicture
AUTO 
 H-Position
V-Position33
ReturnScreen Adjustment Move the image
displayed on thescreen to the left orright.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  524 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings
4.1 PIP/PBP
The PIP (Picture in Picture) function separates the screen into two parts. One source device is displayed 
on the main screen at the same time the another source device is displayed in inset windows. 
The PBP (Picture by Picture) function separates the screen in half displaying output from two different 
source devices simultaneously on the left and right sides of the screen.
 
 Compatible with Windows7 and Windows8.
 The PIP/PBP  function may not be available depending on the specifications of the graphics card 
used. If the screen is blank in PIP/PBP mode when the optimum resolution is selected, go to 
Control Panel   Display   Screen Resolution  and click Detect  on the PC. 
(Instructions are based on Windows 7.) If the screen is blank when the resolution is set to the 
optimum resolution, change the resolution to 1280 x 1024.
 The screen may flicker briefly or appear afte r a delay when you enable or disable the PIP/PBP 
function or when you change the screen size with the PIP/PBP  function activated.
This can typically arise when a PC and a monitor are connected to two or more input sources. 
It has nothing to do with the performance of a monitor.The issue is mainly caused when the video signals are delayed in transmission to the monitor 
depending on the graphics card performance.
 To maximize the picture quality and Sound can be normal output it is recommended to use a 
graphics card or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 at 30HZ) resolution when connect HDMI 1 
port.
 To maximize the picture quality and Sound can be normal output it is recommended to use a graphics card or DVD that supports 4K (3840 x 2160 at 60HZ) resolution when connect HDMI 2 
port.
 When the PIP/PBP  function is enabled, the resolution will not be able to automatically switch to 
the optimum resolution due to a compatibility issue between the graphics card and the Windows system. Set PIP/PBP Mode  to Off. Alternatively, restart the monitor, then set the resolution to the 
optimum setting using the Windows interface.
 ª ª
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  53Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.1 Configuring PIP/PBP Mode
Enable or disable the PIP/PBP  function.
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to the PIP/PBP Mode controlling the JOG button UP /DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Off / On
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.OffTurn PIP/PBP Mode
on or off.
 
 PIP/PBP
Returnf Off
OnPIP/PBP ModeSizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  54Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.2 Configuring Size
Select the size and aspect ratio of the sub-screen.
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to the Size controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
 : Select the icon image if you want to use PBP mode where the optimum resolution for the 
left and right sides of the screen is 1920 x 2160 (width x height).
 : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution for the 
sub-screen is 720 x 480 (width x height).
 : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution of the 
sub-screen is 1280 x 720 (width x height).
 : Select the icon image if you want to use PIP mode where the optimum resolution of the 
sub-screen is 1920 x 1080 (width x height).
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Select the size and
aspect ratio of thesub-screen.
Main:
HDMI 1
Sub:
HDMI 2 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrast 75/100Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  55Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.3 Configuring Position
Select the position of the sub-screen from the available options.
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to the Position  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
  /  /  / 
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.
 
 Not available when PBP is selected.
 The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
  
  
 Select the position of
the sub-screen fromthe available options.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
Main:
HDMI 1
Sub:
HDMI 2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  56Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.4 Configuring Sound Source
Set which screen you want to hear the sound for.
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to the Sound Source  controlling the JOG button UP /DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
 
The white area of the icon means that the Sound Source  comes from the main screen/sub-screen 
or the left/right screen.
 
  /  
  /  
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.PIP
PBP 
  
  
 Set which screen you
want to hear thesound for.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75
Main:
HDMI 1
Sub:
HDMI 2
 
  
  
 Set which screen you
want to hear thesound for.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/100
Main:
HDMI 1
Sub:
HDMI 2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  57Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.5 Configuring Source
Select the source for each screen.
PIP
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3In PIP mode ( Size / / ), move the JOG button UP/DOWN to select Source  and then press 
the JOG button.The following screen will appear.
HDMI 1
HDMI 2
DisplayPort
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.
 
 The input source for the main screen changes.
 With the exception of the current input source, the other two input sources can be selected.
 The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 When the Function Key Guide appears, move the JOG button LEFT to select the [ ] icon and 
then press the JOG button. The main screen will switch in the order DisplayPort   HDMI 1   HDMI 2.
  
  
  
 Select the source for
each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastDisplayPortHDMI 2On
ª ªDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  58Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP SettingsPBP
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3In PBP mode ( Size ), move the JOG button UP/DOWN to select Source  and then press the 
JOG button.The following screen will appear.
HDMI 1
HDMI 2
DisplayPort
4Control the JOG button UP/DOWN and choose the left/right external input source.
5Move the JOG button LEFT /RIGHT to select Apply  and then press the JOG button. Pressing the 
JOG button after selecting Cancel  will cancel Source  configuration and revert back to the PIP/PBP 
control menu.
 
 The input source for the main screen changes.
 The screen may flicker if the input signal is unstable.
 When the input signal of the left and right screens are the same, the operation cannot be 
performed.
 When the Function Key Guide appears, move the JOG button LEFT to select the [ ] icon and then press the JOG button. The same PBP source setting menu appears.
  
  
  
 Select the source for
each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/100
6RXUFH
 
 $SSO\
&DQFHOHDMI    1 HDMI   2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  59Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.6 Configuring Picture Size
Select the image size for sub-screen.
PIP
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3In PIP mode ( Size / / ), move the JOG button UP/DOWN to select Picture Size  and then 
press the JOG button.The following screen will appear.
Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.In PC mode
 
  
  
 Select the image size
for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/75
AutoWideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  60Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and 
standard broadcasts.
16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
Screen Fit : Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting 
anything off.
 
 The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP cable.
 The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally 
(Not every model can support all of these signals.).
 This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV.
 
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.In AV mode
 
  
  
 Select the image size
for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/75
4:316:9Screen FitDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  61Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP SettingsPBP
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3In PBP mode ( Size ), move the JOG button UP/DOWN to select Picture Size  and then press 
the JOG button.The following screen will appear.
Auto : Display the picture according to the aspect ratio of the each screen input source.
Wide : Display the picture in full screen regardless of the aspect ratio of the each screen input 
source.In PC mode 
  
  
 Select the image size
for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/100
3LFWXUH6L]H
 
 $SSO\
&DQFHOAuto AutoDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  62Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4:3: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 4:3. Suitable for videos and 
standard broadcasts.
16:9: Display the picture of the sub-screen with an aspect ratio of 16:9.
Screen Fit : Display the picture of the sub-screen with the original aspect ratio without cutting 
anything off.
 
 The function may not be supported depending on the ports provided with the product.
 Changing the screen size is available when the following conditions are satisfied.
 A digital output device is connected using the HDMI/DP cable.
 The input signal is 480p, 576p, 720p, or 1080p and monitor can display normally 
(Not every model can support all of these signals.).
 This can only be set when the external input is connected through HDMI/DP and PC/AV Mode  is set to AV.
 
4Move to the desi red option controlling the JOG button and press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.In AV mode
3LFWXUH6L]H
 
 $SSO\
&DQFHO16:9 WideDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  63Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4.1.7 Configuring Contrast
PIP
Adjust the contrast level for sub-screen.
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3In PIP mode ( Size / / ), move the JOG button UP/DOWN to select Contrast  and then 
press the JOG button.The following screen will appear.
4Adjust the Contrast controlling the JOG bu tton LEFT/RIGHT.
5The selected option will be applied. 
  
  
 Adjust the contrast
level for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/75
75Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  64Configuring the PIP/PBP Settings4
4 Configuring the PIP/PBP SettingsPBP
Adjust the contrast level for each screen.
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to the PIP/PBP  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3In PBP mode ( Size ), move the JOG button UP/DOWN to select Contrast  and then press the 
JOG button.The following screen will appear.
4Adjust the Contrast controlling the JOG bu tton LEFT/RIGHT.
5The selected option will be applied. 
  
  
 Adjust the contrast
level for each screen.
 
 PIP/PBP
ReturnPIP/PBP Mode
SizePositionSound SourceSourcePicture SizeContrastOn
75/100
&RQWUDVW Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  655 Coordinating OSD5 Coordinating OSD
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
5.1 Transparency
Set the transparency for the menu windows.
5.1.1 Changing Transparency
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to OnScreen Display  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Transparency  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button. 
The following screen will appear.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Configure the 
transparency of the menu windows.
Transparency
LanguageDisplay Time  OffOn
OnScreen Display
ReturnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  66Coordinating OSD5
5 Coordinating OSD5.2 Language
Set the menu language.
 
 A change to the language setting will only be applied to the onscreen menu display.
 It will not be applied to other functions on your PC.
 
5.2.1 Configuring Language
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to OnScreen Display  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Language  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Set the menu
language.
Transparency
LanguageDisplay Time  DeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoOnScreen Display
ReturnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  67Coordinating OSD5
5 Coordinating OSD5.3 Display Time
Set the on-screen display (OSD) menu to automatically disappear if the menu is not used for a specified 
period of time.
Display Time can be used to specify the time after which you want the OSD menu to disappear.
5.3.1 Configuring Display Time
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to OnScreen Display  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
3Move to Display Time  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button. 
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Set how long the menu
window will remain onscreen for when it isnot in use.Transparency
LanguageDisplay Time  5 sec10 sec20 sec200 secOnScreen Display
On
ReturnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  686 Setup and Reset6 Setup and Reset 
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
6.1 FreeSync
 
 The functions available on the monitor may vary depending on the model. Refer to the actual 
product.
 FreeSync  is a DisplayPort 1.2 function, so the choice of the DisplayPort Ver.  1.1 in OSD, or when 
the access of HDMI signal, the FreeSync function is not available. Make sure to use a Samsung 
DP cable. DP cables not supplied by Samsung may not be compatible with the product.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 The sound quality of the monitor may decrease if FreeSync is enabled.
 
6.1.1 Configuring FreeSync
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to FreeSync  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
U28E590D
Off: Disable FreeSync .
On: Enable the basic FreeSync functions of the AMD graphics card.On
1.2
Auto
Acceleration 
 FreeSync technology 
is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency. FreeSync can be operated when you use AMD's graphic card with supporting Freesync solution.FreeSync
Eco Saving PlusOff TimerPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionKey Repeat TimeSystem
ReturnOff
OnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  69Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.
FreeSync  technology is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency.
FreeSync  can be operated when you use AMD's graphic card with supporting FreeSync  solution.
FreeSync  is only supported by AMD graphics cards. 
Select FreeSync Off  if you are using a graphics card from a different manufacturer.
Please refer to the AMD's official website related situation.
Only a few of the following types of AMD graphics card can support FreeSync , and need to install the 
AMD's latest official FreeSync driver.
Radeon R9 290X/290
Radeon R9 285
Radeon R7 260X/260
AMD A10 “Kaveri” APU (ex. A10 7850K)
 
 For additional AMD graphics card models that support the FreeSync feature, visit the official AMD 
website.
 If the FreeSync function is enabled, the response rate during the game may fluctuate depending 
on the resolution.
A higher resolution generally decreases the response rate.
 If the FreeSync function is enabled, the screen can flicker depending on the game option settings. 
Decreasing the game setting values might help to re move the flicker. Installing the latest drivers 
from the AMD website may also fix this issue.
 U24E590D
Off: Disable FreeSync .
Standard Engine: Enable the basic FreeSync  functions of the AMD graphics card.
Ultimate Engine : Enable the FreeSync  feature with a higher screen frame rate. Screen tearing 
(abnormal sync between the screen and content) is reduced in this mode. Note that screen 
flickering may occur during game play.
 
If the FreeSync  function is enabled, the screen may flicker when you play games.
 On
1.2
Auto
Acceleration 
 FreeSync technology 
is solution that eliminates screen tearing without all the usual lag and latency. FreeSync can be operated when you use AMD's graphic card with supporting Freesync solution.FreeSync
Eco Saving PlusOff TimerPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionKey Repeat TimeSystem
ReturnOff
Standard EngineUltimate EngineDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  70Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and ResetPoint the right mouse button, select the AMD Catalyst Control Center.
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  71Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.2 Eco Saving Plus
The Eco Saving Plus  function reduces power co nsumption by controlling the electric  current used by 
the monitor panel.
 
 This menu is not available when Bright  is in Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode is enabled.
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
6.2.1 Configuring Eco Saving Plus
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to Eco Saving Plus  controlling the JOG button UP /DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Off: Deactivate the Eco Saving Plus  function.
Auto : The power consumption will au tomatically be reduced by about 10% over  the current 
setting.(The reduction of power consumption depends on the customer screen brightness condition.)
Low: The power consumption w ill be reduced by 25% ov er the default setting.
High : The power consumption will be reduced by 50% over the default setting.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.SAMSUNG
MAGIC
Acceleration 
 Adjust the power
consumption of theproduct to save energy.
FreeSync
Eco Saving PlusOff TimerPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionKey Repeat TimeOffAutoLowHigh
System
ReturnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  72Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.3 Off Timer
You can set the product to automatically turn off.
6.3.1 Configuring Off Timer
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to Off Timer  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press the JOG button.
4Move to Off Timer  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Off: Deactivate the off timer so that the product does not power off automatically.
On: Activate the off timer so that the product powers off automatically.
5Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
6The selected option will be applied.Off
Off
1.2
Auto
Acceleration 
 Enable or disable the
Off Timer.
FreeSync
Eco Saving PlusOff TimerPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionKey Repeat TimeSystem
Return
 
 Enable or disable the
Off Timer.
Off Timer
Turn Off AfterOffOnOff Timer
ReturnDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  73Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.3.2 Configuring Turn Off After
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to Off Timer  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press the JOG button.
4Move to Turn Off After  controlling the JOG bu tton UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear. 
5Adjust the Turn Off After  controlling the JOG button LEFT/RIGHT.
6The selected option will be applied.
 
 The off timer can be set within a range of 1 to 23 hours. The product will automatically power off 
after the specified number of hours.
 This option is only available when Off Timer is set to On.
 For products for the market in some regions, the Off Timer  is set to automatically activate 4 hours 
after the product powers on. This is done in accordance with power supply regulations. If you do not want the timer to activate, go to MENU   System  and set Off Timer  to Off .
 On  
 Set the monitor to
automatically turn offafter a certain timeperiod.Off Timer
Turn Off AfterOff Timer
Return
ªDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  74Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.4 PC/AV Mode
Set PC/AV Mode to AV. The picture size will be enlarged. This option is useful when you view a movie.
 
 Supplied for the wide models only such as 16:9 or 16:10.
 If the monitor (when set to HDMI 1, HDMI 2  or DisplayPort ) is in power saving mode or is 
displaying the message Check Signal Cable , press the MENU button to display the On Screen 
Display(OSD). You can select PC  or AV .
 
6.4.1 Configuring PC/AV Mode
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to PC/AV Mode  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
4Move to the HDMI 1 , HDMI 2  or DisplayPort  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the 
JOG button.The following screen will appear.
5Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
6The selected option will be applied.Off
Off
1.2
Auto
Acceleration 
 Set to AV to enlarge
the picture.
FreeSync
Eco Saving PlusOff TimerPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionKey Repeat TimeSystem
Return
 
 Select the PC/AV mode
for the HDMI 1 source.
DisplayPort
HDMI 1HDMI 2PC/AV Mode
ReturnPC
AVDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  75Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.5 DisplayPort Ver.
Select your Displayport. Displayport 1.1 supports High Bit Rate 1, wh ile 1.2 supports High Bit Rate 2.
 
 Incorrect settings may cause the screen to go blan k. If this occurs, check the device specifications.
 If the monitor (when set to HDMI 1, HDMI 2  or DisplayPort ) is in power saving mode or is 
displaying the message Check Signal Cable , press the [ ] button to display the On Screen 
Display (OSD). You can select 1.1 or 1.2.
 If you select 1.1, the maximum resolution of your screen drops to 2560 x 1440 due to the 
limitations in HBR1  transmission speeds.
 
6.5.1 Configuring DisplayPort Ver.
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to DisplayPort Ver.  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
1.1 / 1.2
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.Off
Off
Auto 
 Select your
Displayport.Displayport 1.1supports HBR 1,while 1.2 supportsHBR 2. FreeSync
Eco Saving PlusOff TimerPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionKey Repeat TimeSystem
Return1.1
1.2Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  76Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.6 Source Detection
You can activate Source Detection .
 
Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
6.6.1 Configuring Source Detection
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to Source Detection  controlling the JOG bu tton UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Auto : The input source is automatically recognized.
Manual : Manually select an input source.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.Off
Off
1.2
Auto 
 Decide how input
sources will bedetected.
FreeSync
Eco Saving PlusOff TimerPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionKey Repeat TimeSystem
ReturnAuto
ManualDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  77Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.7 Key Repeat Time
Control the response rate of a button when the button is pressed. 
6.7.1 Configuring Key Repeat Time
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to Key Repeat Time  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button. 
The following screen will appear.
Acceleration , 1 sec , or 2 sec  can be selected. If No Repeat is selected, a command responds 
only once when a button is pressed.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.Off
Off
1.2
Auto
Acceleration 
 Configure the
response rate of abutton when the buttonis pressed.FreeSync
Eco Saving PlusOff TimerPC/AV ModeDisplayPort Ver.Source DetectionKey Repeat TimeSystem
ReturnAcceleration
1 sec2 secNo RepeatDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  78Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.8 Power LED On
Configure the settings to enable or disable the power LED located at the lower part of the product.
6.8.1 Configuring Power LED On
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to Power LED On  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
Working : The power LED is on when the product is turned on.
Stand-by : The power LED is on when the product is turned off.
4Move to the desi red option controlling th e JOG button UP/DOWN an d press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied.Stand-by  
 Set the status of the 
power LED.
Power LED On
Reset AllSystem
ReturnWorking
Stand-byDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  79Setup and Reset6
6 Setup and Reset6.9 Reset All
Return all the settings for the product to the default factory settings.
6.9.1 Initializing Sett ings (Reset All)
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to System  controlling the JOG button UP/D OWN and press th e JOG button.
3Move to Reset All  controlling the JOG bu tton UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
4Move to the desi red option controlling the JOG button LEFT/RIGHT  and press the JOG button.
5The selected option will be applied. 
 Return all the settings
for the product to thedefault factory settings.
Power LED On
Reset AllStand-bySystem
Return
  $OOWKHPHQXVHWWLQJVZLOOEHUHVHW
WRGHIDXOW
$UH\RXVXUH\RXZDQWWRUHVHW"
<HV 1RDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  807 Information Menu and Others7 Information Menu and Others
A detailed description of each function is provided. Refer to your product for details.
7.1 Information
View the current input source, frequency and resolution.
7.1.1 Displaying Information
1When the Function Key Guide appears, select [ ] by moving the JOG button UP. 
Next, press the JOG button.
2Move to Information  controlling the JOG button UP/DOWN and press the JOG button.
The following screen will appear.
PBP
PIP 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
HDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzLU********/**
S/N:**************
Exit
 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
ExitHDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzHDMI 2
**** x ****
**kHz **HzLU********/**
S/N:**************
 
  
 Information
Picture
PIP/PBPOnScreen DisplaySystemInformation
ExitHDMI 1
**** x ****
**kHz **HzHDMI 2
**** x ****
**kHz **HzLU********/**
S/N:**************Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  81Information Menu and Others7
7 Information Menu and Others7.2 Configuring Eye Saver Mode, Brightness, and Contrast 
from the Initial Screen
Adjust the Brightness , Contrast  and Eye Saver Mode  by moving the JOG button.
 
Eye Saver Mode
 Not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On .
 
 
Brightness
 This menu is not available when Bright  is set to Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Eco Saving Plus  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when Eye Saver Mode is enabled.
 
 
Contrast
 This option is not available when Bright  is in Cinema  or Dynamic Contrast  mode.
 This menu is not available when Game Mode  is enabled.
 This menu is not available when PIP/PBP Mode  is set to On  and the Size is set to  
(PBP Mode).
 
1When you control the JOG button UP/DOW N, the following sc reen will appear.
The following screen will appear.
2Move the JOG button UP/DOWN to select Brightness , Contrast  or Eye Saver Mode .
3Move the JOG button LEFT/RIGHT to adjust the Brightness , Contrast or Eye Saver Mode  setting.SAMSUNG
MAGIC
SAMSUNG
MAGIC
Eye Saver Mode
BrightnessContrast
OffDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  82Information Menu and Others7
7 Information Menu and Others7.3 Configuring Volume in the Initial Screen
7.3.1 Volume
Adjust the Volume  by moving the JOG button when the Direct Key Guide is displayed on the screen.
1When you control the JOG button LEFT/R IGHT, the following screen will appear.
2Adjust the Volume  controlling the JOG button LEFT/RIGHT.
Move the JOG button down to enable Mute . The following screen will appear on the product.
 
Mute  is disabled when you adjust the monitor volume by moving the JOG button left or right.
Mute  can also be disabled when the monitor turns on or power-saving mode activates.
 
 
 If the audio quality of a connected input device is poor, the Auto Mute function on the product may 
mute the sound or cause choppy audio when applying the headphones or speakers.
Set the input volume for the input device to at least 20% and control the volume using the volume 
control (JOG button LEFT/RIGHT) on the product.
 What is Auto Mute?
The function mutes the audio to improve sound effect when there is sound noise or when the 
input signal is weak, usually due to a problem with the volume of an input device.
 To activate the Mute  function, access the Volume  control screen, then use the JOG button to 
move the focus down.
To deactivate the Mute  function, access the Volume control screen, then increase or decrease the 
Volume .
 Volume
Mute 50Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  838 Installing the Software8 Installing the Software
8.1 Easy Setting Box
"Easy Setting Box" enables user s to use the monitor by part itioning multiple sections.
8.1.1 Installing the Software
1Insert the installation CD into the CD-ROM drive.
2Select the "Easy Setting  Box" setup program.
 
If the pop-up screen for the software installati on does not appear on the main screen, find and 
double-click the "Easy Setting Box" setup file on the CD-ROM.
 
3When the Installation Wizard appears, click Next .
4Follow the instructions given on the screen to proceed with installation.
 
 The software may not work properly if you do not restart the computer after the installation.
 The "Easy Setting Box" icon may not appear depending on the computer system and the 
product specifications.
 If the shortcut icon does not appear, press the F5 key.
 
Restrictions and Problems with th e Installation ("Easy Setting Box")
The "Easy Setting Box" installation may be affected by the Graphics Card, Motherboard and the 
Networking Environment.
System Requirements
OS
Windows XP 32Bit/64Bit
Windows Vista 32Bit/64Bit
Windows 7 32Bit/64Bit
Windows 8 32Bit/64Bit
Hardware
At least 32MB of memory
At least 60MB of free space on the hard disk driveEasy Setting Box
Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  84Installing the Software8
8 Installing the Software8.1.2 Removing the Software
Click Start, select Settings /Control Panel, and then double-click Add or Remove Programs .
Select "Easy Setting Box" from  the program list and click the Add/Delete  button.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  859 Troubleshooting Guide9 Troubleshooting Guide
9.1 Requirements Before Contacting Samsung Customer 
Service Center
9.1.1 Testing the Product
 
Before calling Samsung Customer Service Center, test your product as follows. If the problem persists, 
contact Samsung Customer Service Center.
 
Check if your product is operating normally by using the product test function.
If the screen is turned off and the power indicator blinks even though the product is properly connected 
to a PC, perform a self-diagnosis test.
1Power off both the PC and product.
2Disconnect the cables from the product.
3Power on the product.
4If the message Check Signal Cable  appears, the product is working normally.
 
If the screen remains blank, check the PC system, video controller and cable.
 
9.1.2 Checking the Resolution and Frequency
For a mode that exceeds the supported resolution (refer to "10.3 Standard Signal Mode Table"), the message Not Optimum Mode  will appear for a short time.
9.1.3 Check the following.
Installation issue (PC mode)
Issues Solutions
The screen keeps switching on and off. Check the cable connection between the product 
and PC, and ensure the connectors are locked. 
(Refer to "2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  86Troubleshooting Guide9
9 Troubleshooting GuideScreen issue
Issues Solutions
The power LED is off. Th e screen will not switch 
on.Check that the power cable is connected 
properly. 
(Refer to "2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
The message Check Signal Cable  appears. Check that the cable is properly connected to the 
product. (Refer to "2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
Check that the device connected to the product is 
powered on.
Not Optimum Mode  is displayed. This message appears when the signal from the 
graphics card exceeds the maximum resolution or frequency for the product.
Change the maximum resolution and frequency to 
suit the product performance, referring to 
Standard Signal Mode Table (page 92).
The images on the screen look distorted. Check the cable connection to the product. 
(Refer to "2.2 Connecting and Using a PC")
The screen appears unstable and shaky. Check that the resolution and frequency for the 
PC are within the range of resolution and frequency compatible with the product. 
Next, if required, change the settings, referring to Standard Signal Mode Table (page 92) in this 
manual and the Information  menu on the 
product.There are shadows or ghost images left on the screen.
The screen is too bright. The screen is too dark. Adjust Brightness (page 38) and 
Contrast (page 39).
Screen color is inconsistent. Change the Color  settings. 
(Refer to "3.5 Color")
The colors on the screen have a shadow and are 
distorted.Change the Color  settings. 
(Refer to "3.5 Color")
White does not really look white. Change the Color  settings. 
(Refer to "3.5 Color")
There is no image on the screen and the power 
LED blinks every 0.5 to 1 second.The product is operating in power-saving mode.
Press any key on the ke yboard or move the 
mouse to return to normal operating mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  87Troubleshooting Guide9
9 Troubleshooting GuideSound issue
Source device issue
 
The LED lights on the frame of the product may be seen depending on the user's viewing angle. 
The light is harmless to people and has no bearing on product features and performance. The product 
is safe to use.
 Issues Solutions
There is no sound. Check the connection of the audio cable or adjust 
the volume.
Check the volume.
The volume is too lo w. Adjust the volume.
If the volume is still low af ter turning it up to the 
maximum level, adjust th e volume on your PC 
sound card or software program.
Issues Solutions
A beeping sound is heard when my PC is booting. If a beeping sound is heard when your PC is 
booting, have your PC serviced.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  88Troubleshooting Guide9
9 Troubleshooting Guide9.2 Q & A
Question Answer
How can I change the 
frequency?Set the frequency on your graphics card.
Windows XP: Go to Control Panel  
Appearance and Themes   Display   Settings   
Advanced   Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate  under 
Monitor settings .
Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel   Display   
Settings   Advanced  Monitor , and adjust Refresh rate 
under Monitor settings .
Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalization   
Display Settings   Advanced Settings  Monitor , and 
adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
Windows 7: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Display   
Screen Resolution   Advanced settings   Monitor , and 
adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .
Windows 8: Go to Settings   Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Display   
Screen Resolution   Advanced settings   Monitor , and 
adjust Refresh rate  under Monitor settings .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  89Troubleshooting Guide9
9 Troubleshooting Guide 
Refer to the user manual for your PC or graphics card for further instructions on adjustment.
 How can I change the 
resolution?Windows XP: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Themes   Display   Settings , and adjust 
the resolution.
Windows ME/2000: Go to Control Panel   Display   
Settings , and adjust the resolution.
Windows Vista: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   
Display Settings , and adjust the resolution.
Windows 7: Go to Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Display   
Adjust Resolution , and adjust the resolution.
Windows 8: Go to Settings  Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Display   
Adjust Resolution , and adjust the resolution.
How do I set power-saving mode? Windows XP: Set powe r-saving mode in Control Panel   
Appearance and Themes   Display   
Screen Saver Settings  or BIOS SETUP on the PC. 
Windows ME/2000: Set po wer-saving mode in 
Control Panel   Display   Screen Saver Settings  or 
BIOS SETUP on the PC.
Windows Vista: Set po wer-saving mode in Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   
Screen Saver Settings  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
Windows 7: Set power-saving mode in Control Panel   
Appearance and Personalization   Personalize   
Screen Saver Settings  or BIOS SETUP on the PC.
Windows 8: Set power-saving mode in Settings   
Control Panel   Appearance and Personalization   
Personalize   Screen Saver Settings  or BIOS SETUP on the 
PC.Question AnswerDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  9010 Specifications10 Specifications
10.1 General
 Plug-and-Play
This monitor can be installed and used wi th any Plug-and-Play compatible systems. 
Two-way data exchange between the monitor an d PC system optimizes the monitor settings. 
Monitor installation takes place automa tically. However, you can customize the installation settings if desired.
 
 Panel Dots (Pixels)
Due to the nature of the manufa cturing of this product, approx imately 1 pixel per million (1ppm) 
may be brighter or darker on the LCD panel. This does not affect product performance.
 
 The above specifications are subject to change without notice to improve quality.
 
 This device is a Class B digital apparatus.
 Model Name U28E590D U24E590D
Panel Size 28 Inches (70 cm) 23.5 Inches (59 cm)
Display 
area620.93 mm (H) x 341.28 mm (V)24.4 Inches (H) x 13.4 Inches (V)521.28 mm (H) x 293.22 mm (V)20.5 Inches (H) x 11.5 Inches (V)
Pixel Pitch 0.16 mm (H) x 0.16 mm (V)
0.006299 Inches (H) x 
0.006299 Inches (V)0.4525 mm (H) x 0.13575 mm (V)
0.017815 Inches (H) x 
0.005344 Inches (V)
Power Supply AC 100 - 240 V ~ (+/- 10 %), 50/60 Hz ± 3 Hz
Refer to the label at the back of the product as the standard 
voltage can vary in different countries.
Dimensions 
(W x H x D) / 
WeightWithout 
Stand660.9 x 381.3 x 73.5 mm
26.0 x 15.0 x 2.9 Inches561.1 x 333.0 x 62.8 mm22.1 x 13.1 x 2.5 Inches
With 
Stand
660.9 x 468.5 x 187.1 mm / 5.28 kg
26.0 x 18.4 x 7.4 Inches / 11.6 lbs561.1 x 428.0 x 187.1 mm / 4.61 kg22.1 x 16.9 x 7.4 Inches / 10.0 lbs
VESA Mounting Interface 75 mm x 75 mm
3.0 Inches x 3.0 Inches
(For use with Specialty(Arm) Mounting hardware.)
Environmental 
considerationsOperating Temperature : 50 °F – 104 °F (10 °C – 40 °C)
Humidity : 10 % – 80 %, non-condensing
Storage Temperature : -4 °F – 113 °F (-20 °C – 45 °C)
Humidity : 5 % – 95 %, non-condensing
(USA only)
Dispose unwanted electronics through an approved recycler.To find the nearest recycling location, go to our website:www.samsung.com/recyclingdirect or call, (877) 278 - 0799Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  91Specifications10
10 Specifications10.2 PowerSaver
The power-saving function of this product reduces power consumption by switching off the screen and 
changing the color of the power LED if the product is not used for a specified period of time. The power is not turned off in power-saving mode. To switch the screen back on, press any key on the keyboard or 
move the mouse. Power-saving mode functions only when the product is connected to a PC that has a 
power-saving function.
 
 The power consumption level can vary in different operating conditions or when settings are 
changed.
 ENERGY STAR® is a US registered mark of the United States Environmental Protection Agency.
Energy Star power is measured with the test method in the current Energy Star® Standard.
 To reduce the power consumption to 0, disconnect the power cord. Be sure to disconnect the power cable when you will not be using the product for an extended period of time. To reduce the power consumption to 0 watts when the power switch is not available, disconnect the power cable.
 PowerSaverEnergy Star Test 
ConditionPower saving modePower off 
(Power button)
Power Indicator Off Blinking On
Power Consumption
(U28E590D)Typical 29.6 W Typical 0.3 W Less than 0.3 W
Power Consumption
(U24E590D)Typical 34.3 W Typical 0.3 W Less than 0.3 WDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  92Specifications10
10 Specifications10.3 Standard Signal Mode Table
 
 This product can be set to only one resolution for each screen size to obtain the optimum picture 
quality due to the nature of the panel. Therefore,  a resolution other than the specified resolution 
may degrade the picture quality. To avoid this, it is recommended that you select the optimum 
resolution specified for the screen size of your product.
 Check the frequency when you exchange a CDT monitor (connected to a PC) for an LCD monitor. If the LCD monitor does not support 85Hz, change the vertical frequency to 60Hz using the CDT monitor before you exchange it with the LCD monitor.
 
If a signal that belongs to the following standard sign al modes is transmitted from  your PC, the screen will 
automatically be adjusted. If the signal transmitted from the PC does not belong to the standard signal 
modes, the screen may be blank even though the power LED turns on. In such a case, change the settings according to the following table by referring to the graphics card user manual.Model Name U28E590D / U24E590D
Synchronization Horizontal Frequency 30–135kHz(DisplayPort)
30–90kHz(HDMI1)
30–135kHz(HDMI2)
Vertical Frequency 56–75Hz(DisplayPort)
24–75Hz(HDMI1/HDMI2)
Resolution Optimum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort)
3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)
3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)
Maximum Resolution 3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (DisplayPort)
3840 x 2160 @ 30 Hz (HDMI1)3840 x 2160 @ 60 Hz (HDMI2)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  93Specifications10
10 SpecificationsDisplayport
ResolutionHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160RB 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  94Specifications10
10 SpecificationsHDMI1
ResolutionHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160 67.500 30.000 297.000 +/+Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  95Specifications10
10 SpecificationsHDMI2
 
 Horizontal Frequency
The time required to scan a single line from the left to the right side of the screen is called a 
horizontal cycle. The reciprocal number of a horizontal cycle is called horizontal frequency. 
Horizontal frequency is measured in kHz.ResolutionHorizontal 
Frequency 
(kHz)Vertical 
Frequency 
(Hz)Pixel Clock 
(MHz)Sync Polarity 
(H/V)
IBM, 720 x 400 31.469 70.087 28.322 -/+
VESA, 640 x 480 31.469 59.940 25.175 -/-
MAC, 640 x 480 35.000 66.667 30.240 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.861 72.809 31.500 -/-
VESA, 640 x 480 37.500 75.000 31.500 -/-
VESA, 800 x 600 35.156 56.250 36.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 37.879 60.317 40.000 +/+ 
VESA, 800 x 600 48.077 72.188 50.000 +/+
VESA, 800 x 600 46.875 75.000 49.500 +/+
MAC, 832 x 624 49.726 74.551 57.284 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 48.363 60.004 65.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 56.476 70.069 75.000 -/-
VESA, 1024 x 768 60.023 75.029 78.750 +/+
VESA, 1152 x 864 67.500 75.000 108.000 +/+
MAC, 1152 x 870 68.681 75.062 100.000 -/-
VESA, 1280 x 720 45.000 60.000 74.250 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 800 49.702 59.810 83.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1280 x 1024 63.981 60.020 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1280 x 1024 79.976 75.025 135.000 +/+
VESA, 1440 x 900 55.935 59.887 106.500 -/+ 
VESA, 1600 x 900RB 60.000 60.000 108.000 +/+
VESA, 1680 x 1050 65.290 59.954 146.250 -/+ 
VESA, 1920 x 1080 67.500 60.000 148.500 +/+
VESA, 2560 x 1440 88.787 59.951 241.500 +/-
VESA, 3840 x 2160RB 133.313 59.997 533.250 +/-Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  96Specifications10
10 Specifications Vertical Frequency
Repeating the same picture dozens of times per second allows you to view natural pictures. The 
repeat frequency is called "vertical frequency"  or "refresh rate" and is indicated in Hz.
 Some resolutions listed in the table above ma y not be available depending on graphics card 
specifications.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  97 Appendix Appendix
Responsibility for the Pay Se rvice (Cost to Customers)
 
When the service is requested, in spite of in warra nty, we may charge you for a visit from a service 
technician in the following cases.
 
Not a product defect
Cleaning of the product, Adjustment, Explanation, Re-installation and etc.
If a service technician gives instructions on how to use product or simply adjusts options without 
disassembling product.
If a defect is caused by external environmental factors. (Internet, Antenna, Wired Signal, etc.)
If a product is reinstalled or de vices are connected additionally af ter installing the purchased product 
for the first time.
If a product is reinstalled to move to a different spot or to move to a different house.
If customer requests instructions on how to use because of another company's product.
If customer requests instructions on how to use the network or another company's program.
If customer requests software installation and setup for the product.
If a service technician removes/cleans dusts or foreign materials inside of the product.
If customer requests an installation additionally after purchasing a product through home-shopping or online.
A Product damage caused by customer's fault
Product damage caused by customer's mishandling or wrong repair 
If a product damage is caused by;
external impact or drop.
use of supplies or separately sold product unspecified by Samsung.
repair from a person besides an engineer of outsourcing service company or partner of Samsung 
Electronics Co., Ltd.
remodeling or repairing the product by customer.
using it with incorrect voltage or non-authorised electrical connections.
not following the "cautions" in User Manual.
Others
If product fails by natural disaster. (lightning, fire, earthquake, flood damage, etc)
If consumable components are all used up. (Battery, Toner, Fluorescent lights, Head, Vibrator, 
Lamp, Filter, Ribbon, etc.)
 
If customer requests a service in case the product has no defect, service fee may be charged. So 
please read User Manual first.
 Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  98Appendix
 AppendixCorrect Disposal
Correct Disposal of This Product (Waste Electri cal & Electronic Equipment)
(Applicable in  countries with  separate collection systems)
This marking on the product, accessories or literature indicates that the product and its 
electronic accessories (e.g. charger, headset, USB cable) should not be disposed of 
with other household waste at the end of their working life. To prevent possible harm to the environment or human health from uncontrolled waste disposal, please separate 
these items from other types of waste and recycle them responsibly to promote the 
sustainable reuse of material resources.
Household users should contact either the retailer where they purchased this product, 
or their local government office, for details of where and how they can take these items 
for environmentally safe recycling. 
Business users should contact their supplier and check the terms and conditions of the 
purchase contract. This product and its electronic accessories should not be mixed with other commercial wastes for disposal.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  99Appendix
 AppendixTerminology
OSD (On Screen Display)
On screen display (OSD) allows you to customize on-screen settings to optimize the picture quality as 
required. You can change the screen brightness, tint, size and many other settings using menus 
displayed on the screen.
Gamma
The Gamma menu adjusts the grey scale that represents middle tones on the screen. Adjusting the brightness brightens the whole screen, but adjusting Gamma only brightens the medium brightness.
Grey scale
Scale refers to levels of color intensity that show variations of color change from darker areas to brighter areas on the screen. Changes to the screen brightness are expressed with black and white 
variation, and grey scale refers to the medium area between black and white. Changing the grey scale through Gamma adjust ment will change the medium brightness on the screen.
Scanning rate
Scanning rate, or refresh rate, refers to the frequency of screen refreshes. Screen data is transmitted as it refreshes to display an image, although the refreshing is invisible to the naked eye. The number of screen refreshes is called scanning rate and is measured in Hz. A scanning rate of 60Hz means that 
the screen refreshes 60 times per second. The screen scanning rate depends on the performance of 
the graphics cards in your PC and monitor. 
Horizontal Frequency
Characters or images displayed on the monitor screen consist of numerous dots (pixels). Pixels are transmitted in horizontal lines, which are then arranged vertically to create an image. The horizontal frequency is measured in kHz and represents how many times horizontal lines per second are 
transmitted and displayed on the monitor screen. A horizontal frequency of 85 means that the 
horizontal lines that make up an image are transmitted 85000 times per second. The horizontal frequency is indicated in 85kHz.
Vertical Frequency
One image is made of numerous horizontal lines. The vertical frequency is measured in Hz and represents how many images can be created per second by those horizontal lines. A vertical 
frequency of 60 means that an image is transmitted 60 times per second. The vertical frequency is 
also called "refresh rate" and affects screen flicker.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  100Appendix
 AppendixResolution
Resolution is the number of horizontal pixels and vertical pixels that form a screen. It represents the 
level of display detail. 
A higher resolution displays a greater amount of information on the screen and is suitable for 
performing multiple tasks at the same time.
E.g. A resolution of 1920 x 1080 consists of 1920 horizontal pixels (horizontal resolution) and 1080 
vertical lines (vertical resolution).
E.g. A resolution of 1920 x 1200 consists of 1920 horizontal pixels (horizontal resolution) and 1200 
vertical lines (vertical resolution).
Plug & Play
The Plug & Play feature allows the automatic exchange of information between a monitor and PC to produce an optimum display environment. 
The monitor uses VESA DDC (international standard) to execute Plug & Play.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Index 101Index
B
Before Connecting  29
Brightness  38
C
Checking the Contents  19
Cleaning  8
Connecting and Using a PC  29
Contrast  39
Copyright  7
Correct Disposal  98
Correct posture to use the product  18
D
Display Time  67
DisplayPort Ver.  75
E
Easy Setting Box  83
Eco Saving Plus  71
Eye Saver Mode  46
F
FreeSync  68
G
Game Mode  47
General  90
H
HDMI Black Level  45
I
INFORMATION  80Installation  25
K
Key Repeat Time  77
L
Language  66
O
Off Timer  72
P
Parts  20
Picture Size  49
Power LED On  78
PowerSaver  91
Q
Q & A  88
R
Requirements Before Contacting Samsung 
Customer Service Center  85
Reset All  79
Response Time  48
Responsibility for the Pay Service (Cost to 
Customers)  97
S
Safety Precautions  10
SAMSUNG MAGIC Angle  43
SAMSUNG MAGIC Bright  36
Screen Adjustment  51
Sharpness  40
Source Detection  76Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  Index
Index 102Standard Signal Mode Table  92
T
Terminology  99
Transparency  65Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  HP 2310mfa/2310mfd LCD Mul/g415func/g415on Monitors (MFM)  
User Guide Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  © 2009 Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P . 
Microsoft, Windows, and Windows Vista are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft 
Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements 
accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.
This document contains proprietary information that is protected by copyright. No part of this document 
may be photocopied, reproduced, or translated to another language without the prior written consent of Hewlett-Packard Company. 
First Edition (December 2009) Document Part Number - 588382-001Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  1TABLE OF CONTENT
FOR YOUR SAFETY ............................................................................................................... ..............3
PRECAUTIONS AND REMINDERS ................................................................................................4IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS ........................................................................................5PACKAGE CONTENTS .............................................................................................................. ........7
SETTING UP THE MFM ............................................................................................................ ..........8
ATTACHING THE BASE ............................................................................................................ ..........................................................8
PREPARING THE MFM FOR WALL MOUNTING ........................................................................................... .............................8
SELECTING A GOOD LOCATION ..................................................................................................... ............................................9
INSTALLING THE MONITOR DRIVER ....................................................................................... 10
INSTALLING THE DRIVER ............................................................................................................................... .................................10
DOWNLOADING UPDATED DRIVERS FROM THE INTERNET ................................................................................. .........10
LOCATING THE MFM CONNECTORS AND CONTROLS ................................................. 11
FRONT PANEL CONTROLS .......................................................................................................... .................................................13
USING THE REMOTE CONTROL ...................................................................................................... ............................................14
VIEWING MODE ILLUSTRATIONS .................................................................................................... ...........................................16
CONNECTING TO THE MFM ....................................................................................................... 17
BACK CONNECTIONS .............................................................................................................. ......................................................17
SIDE CONNECTIONS ............................................................................................................................... ........................................19
CONNECTING AN HDMI OR A DVI DEVICE ............................................................................................ ...............................20
CONNECTING AN HDMI DEVICE ........................................................................................................................ .......................20
CONNECTING A DVI DEVICE ............................................................................................................................... ........................21
CONNECTING A COMPUTER ......................................................................................................... .............................................21
SELECTING THE INPUT SOURCE .................................................................................................... .............................................22
USING THE OSD MENUS ............................................................................................................... 22
FOR ATV MODEL ............................................................................................................................... .................................................22
FEATURES MENU•  ............................................................................................................................ .......................................24
INSTALLATION•  ............................................................................................................................ ..........................................26
PICTURE MENU•  ............................................................................................................................ .........................................22
SOUND MENU•  ............................................................................................................................ ...........................................23
FOR DTV MODEL ................................................................................................................. .............................................................28
FEATURES MENU•  ............................................................................................................................ .......................................31
PARENTAL MENU•  ............................................................................................................................ ......................................31
PICTURE MENU•  ............................................................................................................................ .........................................28
SOUND MENU•  ............................................................................................................................ ...........................................29
TV MENU•  ............................................................................................................................ .....................................................30Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  2NOTICES ....................................................................................................................... ...................... 32
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS .................................................................................................... 33
TROUBLESHOOTING ............................................................................................................... ...... 36
TIPS .......................................................................................................................... ............................. 37
GLOSSARY ...................................................................................................................... .................... 37Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  3SYMBOL SYMBOL DEFINITION
SA 1965DANGEROUS VOLTAGE: The lightning flash with arrowhead symbol, 
within an equilateral triangle, is intended to alert the user to the presence of uninsulated “dangerous voltage” within the product’s enclosure that may be of sufficient magnitude to constitute a risk of electrical shock to persons.
SA 1966INSTRUCTIONS:  The exclamation point within on equilateral triangle 
to alert the user to the presence of important operating and maintenance (servicing) instruction in the literature accompanying the appliance.
Batteries installed warning
 Warning  - Danger of explosion if battery is incorrectly replaced. Replace only with the same or
equivalent type.
The batteries (battery pack or batteries installed) should not be exposed to excessive heat such as sunlight, fire or the like.
NOTICE
1.  The changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for compliance could 
void the user's authority to operate the equipment.
2.  Shielded interface cables and AC power cord, if any, must be used in order to comply with the 
emission limits.
3.  The manufacturer is not responsible for any radio or TV interference caused by unauthorized 
modification to this equipment. It is the  responsibilities of the user to correct such interference.
 WARNING:
T o prevent fire or shock hazard, do not expose the MFM to rain or moisture. Dangerously high voltages are present inside the MFM. Do not open the cabinet. Refer servicing to qualified personnel only.FOR YOUR SAFETY
Before operating the HP multifuntion monitor (MFM) please read this manual thoroughly. This manual should be retained for future reference.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  4PRECAUTIONS AND REMINDERS
Place unit on even surfaces.
Unplug immediately if there 
is malfunction such as no picture, no video/audio, smoke 
and bad odor from MFM.
Don't throw any object inside 
the MFM box like metals or 
other flammable materials.
Don't place the MFM in 
confined spaces or in a box when using it.Unplug immediately if other foreign materials are put inside MFM box or if the MFM fell down.
Prohibit/Avoid opening MFM cabinet.
Remember to unplug the AC cord from the AC outlet before cleaning. Do not use liquid cleaners or aerosol 
cleaners to clean the display.
Make sure to unplug the unit 
when not in use for a long period of time (days).
Do not cover or block any vents and openings. Inadequate ventilation may shorten the life of the display unit and cause overheating.
Avoid direct sunlight, dusty, high humidity and smoky 
areas.
Call service personnel to 
clean the internal part of the MFM once a year.
Do not place the display near water, such as bathtub, washbasin, kitchen sink, laundry tub, swimming pool or in a damp basement.
 Notice for Remote Controller
Avoid Dropping
234
567
89:
1Avoid Liquids
234
567
89:
1Avoid Aerosol Cleaners
234
567
89:
1Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  5IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS
Read before operating equipment
1. Read these instructions.
2. Keep these instructions.3. Heed all warnings.4. Follow all instructions.5. Do not use this apparatus near water.6. Clean only with a dry cloth.7.  Do not block any of the ventilation openings. Install in accordance with the manufacturers 
instructions.
8.  Do not install near any heat sources such as radiators, heat registers, stoves, or other apparatus 
(including amplifiers) that produce heat.
9.  Do not defeat the safety purpose of the polarized or grounding type plug. A polarized plug has two 
blades with one wider than the other. A grounding type plug has two blades and third grounding prong. The wide blade or third prong is provided for your safety. When the provided plug does not fit into your outlet, consult an electrician for replacement of the obsolete outlet.
10.  Protect the power cord from being walked on or pinched particularly at plugs, convenience 
receptacles, and the point where they exit from the apparatus.
11. Only use attachments/accessories specified by the manufacturer.12.  Use only with a cart, stand, tripod, bracket, or table specified by the manufacturer, or sold with the 
apparatus. When a cart is used, use caution when moving the cart/apparatus combination to avoid injury from tip-over.
13.  The MFM should be operated only from the type of power source indicated on the label. If you are 
not sure of the type of power supplied to your home, consult your dealer or local power company.
14.  Unplug this apparatus during lightning storms or when unused for long periods of time.
15.  Refer all servicing to qualified service personnel. Servicing is required when the apparatus has been 
damaged in any way, such as power-supply cord or plug is damaged, liquid has been spilled or objects have fallen into apparatus, the apparatus has been exposed to rain or moisture, does not operate normally, or has been dropped.
16.  The Class I apparatus shall be connected to a mains socket outlet with a protective earthing 
connection.
17.  The mains plug or appliance coupler is used as the disconnect device, the disconnect device shall 
remain readily operable.
18.  T o reduce the risk of electric shock, do not perform any servicing other than that contained in the 
operating instructions unless you are qualified to do so.
19.  For use only with a third party Listed Wall Mounting Bracket with minimum weight/load                
(
page 34-35).
20.  Tilt/Stability – All televisions must comply with recommended international global safety standards 
for tilt and stability properties of its cabinets design.
Do not compromise these design standards by applying excessive pull force to the front, or top,  ●
of the cabinet, which could ultimately overturn the product.
Also, do not endanger yourself, or children, by placing electronic equipment/toys on the top  ●
of the cabinet. Such items could unsuspectingly fall from the top of the set and cause product 
damage and/or personal injury.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  621.  Wall or Ceiling Mounting – The appliance should be mounted to a wall or ceiling only as 
recommended by the manufacturer.
22.  Power Lines – An outdoor antenna should be located away from power lines.
23.  Outdoor Antenna Grounding – If an outside antenna is connected to the receiver, be sure the 
antenna system is grounded to provide some protection against voltage surges and built up static charges. Section 810 of the National Electric Code, ANSI/NFPA No. 70-1984, provides information with respect to proper grounding of the mats and supporting structure grounding of the lead-in wire to an antenna-discharge unit, size of grounding connectors, location of antenna discharge unit, connection to grounding electrodes and requirements for the grounding electrode. See Figure below.
ANTENNA
ANTENNA DISCHARGE UNIT
GROUNDING CONDUCTORS
POWER SERVICE GROUNDING ELECTRODE SYSTEMGROUND CLAMPSELECTRIC SERVICE EQUIPMENTGROUND CLAMP
EXAMPLE OF ANTENNA GROUNDING AS PER NATIONAL ELECTRICAL CODE Note to the 
CATV system installer: This reminder is provided to call the CATV system installer’s attention to Article 820-40 of the NEC that provides guidelines for proper grounding and, in particular, specifies that the cable ground shall be connected to the grounding system of the building, as close to the point of cable entry as practical. Please, make sure to connect the power plug to the wall outlet socket after connecting the MFM to the adapter!
24.  Apparatus shall not be exposed to dripping or splashing and no objects filled with liquids, such as 
vases, shall be placed on the apparatus.
25. Excessive sound pressure from earphones and headphones can cause hearing loss. Adjustment of the 
equalizer to maximum increases the earphones and headphones output voltage and therefore the sound pressure level.
 CAUTION
These servicing instructions are for use by qualified service personnel only. T o reduce the risks of electric shock do not perform any servicing other than that contained in the operating instructions unless you are qualified to do.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  7  
HDMI, the HDMI logo, and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered 
trademarks of HDMI Licensing, LLC.
LCD panel
The LCD panel used in this product is mode of glass. Therefore, it can break when the product is dropped or impacted upon by other objects. 
The LCD panel is a very high technology product, giving you finely detailed pictures. Occasionally, a few 
non-active pixels may appear on the screen as a fixed point of blue, green or red. This does not affect the performance of your product. 
In order to ensure long performance of your set and reduce the risk of screen burning, please observe 
the following precautions. 
Do not display still images (still computer and video game images, logos. pictures, text and images • 
displayed in 4:3) for extended periods of time.
Use a screen saver when using a computer.• 
PACKAGE CONTENTS
Multifunction monitor (MFM) with Analogue (ATV) or Digital (DTV) operation, depending on • 
regional requirements
Remote Control• 
T wo (AAA) Batteries for the Remote Control• 
Base• 
Power Cord• 
User Manual• 
Quick Setup Guide• 
Audio Line In Cable• 
VGA Cable• 
HDMI Cable• 
Composite with RCA cable• Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  8SETTING UP THE MFM
IMPORTANT : Do not apply pressure to the 
screen display area, which may compromise the integrity of the display.  The manufacturer’s warranty does not cover user abuse or improper installation.
ATTACHING THE BASE
IMPORTANT : The Base of the MFM must be 
assembled prior to usage.
Place MFM unit face down on a soft and flat 1. 
surface (blanket, foam, cloth, etc.) to prevent any damage to the MFM
Carefully align and insert the Base to the 2. 
stand.
Gently push the Base towards the MFM until 3. 
the locking mechanism locks into place.
ATV Interface
DTV InterfacePREPARING THE MFM FOR WALL 
MOUNTING
Place the MFM at least 2.36 inches (60 mm) from the wall to prevent cable interference.
Before mounting your MFM on the wall, you need 
to remove the base.
For your safety, please use listed wall mount 
bracket with minimum weight of the MFM without stand. (
page 34-35.)
T o prepare the MFM to attach a wall mount 
bracket (sold separately):
 Loosen the screws holding your MFM to the 1. 
stand and remove the stand base from the MFM.
 Secure the third party wall mount bracket 2. 
to the back of your MFM using four screws, as indicated in the illustration.
ATV Interface
100 mm
100 mmM4 screws
DTV Interface
100 mm
100 mmM4 screws
NOTE
Wall mount bracket & screws are not • 
includedDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  9SELECTING A GOOD LOCATION
Please make sure to connect the power plug to 
the wall outlet socket after connecting the MFM to the power cord!
Install the base stand; place the MFM 1. 
on a solid surface.
Min
1 m
Ensure that the MFM is placed in a position 
to allow free flow of air. Do not cover the ventilation openings on the back cover.
T o prevent any unsafe situations, flame 
sources, such as lighted candles, should not be placed on or in the vicinity.
Avoid heat, direct sunlight and exposure to 
rain or water. The equipment should not be exposed to dripping or splashing water.
Connect the antenna cable or CATV cable 2. 
to the aerial socket TV ANTENNA  at the 
back of the MFM.Remote control:3. 
 Remove the cover of the battery 
compartment. Insert the 2 batteries supplied 
(Type AAA 1.5V).
Power:4. 
Insert the power cord in the wall socket 
with AC power supply. Y ou can see LED states at the front panel. If the LED colour is Green, the MFM set power is on. If the LED colour is Red, the MFM set is in standby state.
T urn on the MFM:5. 
Press the POWER key on the Remote 
control or the side panel control knobs on the monitor. The MFM will turn on in a 
minute with display on the screen.
Power KeyDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  10INSTALLING THE MONITOR 
DRIVER
The CD that is included with the MFM contains the monitor driver that you can install on your computer.
INSTALLING THE DRIVER
If you determine that you need to update the driver, you can install the monitor-driver INF and ICM files from the CD, or download them from the Internet.
T o install the monitor -driver software from the 
CD:
Insert the CD in your computer CD drive. 1. 
The CD menu appears.
Select the language.2. 
Click 3. Install Monitor Driver Software .
Follow the onscreen instructions.4. 
Restart the computer.5. 
Ensure that the proper resolutions and 6. 
refresh rates appear in the Display Control Panel settings. Refer to the Windows® operating system documentation for more information.
NOTE: 
Y ou might need to install the digitally signed • 
monitor drivers (INF or ICM files) manually from the CD, in case of an installation error. Refer to the “Monitor Driver Software Readme” file on the CD for instructions (in English only).DOWNLOADING UPDATED DRIVERS FROM THE INTERNET
T o download the latest version of drivers and software files from the HPSupport site:
Refer to: http://www.hp.com/support.1. 
Select your country/region.2. 
Select Download Drivers and Software.3. 
Enter the model number of your monitor.4. 
The software-download pages for your 5. 
monitor are displayed.
Download and install the driver and 6. 
software files by using the instructions in the download pages.
Ensure that your system meets the 7. 
requirements.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  11LOCATING THE MFM CONNECTORS AND CONTROLS
Before connecting any external equipment to the monitor, turn off all main power switches on the 
external equipment. If there is no switch, remove the main power plug from the wall socket.
Connect the power cord into the AC IN socket found at the back of the MFM.
NOTE:
Please use the power cord (included) with a grounded (earthed) pin and two flat current-carrying • 
pins. Use only the power cord received with this monitor.
ATV Connectors
AC INPC IN
RGB/PC AUDIO
SERV.C
HDMI 1YP b P r L R
YP b P r L R COAXIALVIDEO L R
AV IN
VIDEO L R
AV OUTTV  
COMPONENT  1
COMPONENT  24
75 3
62
1
  1.  HDMI1 (input terminals)  — High-Definition Multimedia Interface input receives digital 
audio and uncompressed digital video from an HDMI device or uncompressed digital video from a DVI device (
page 20-21).
  2.  PC IN (VGA / Audio) input terminal —  For use when connecting a personal computer 
(PC) ( page 21-22).
  3.  Component (Video and L/R Audio) input terminal  — For use when connecting a high-
definition component video device with standard audio output. ( page 17).
  TV (Antenna input terminal) — 4. Analogue TV antenna signal input ( page 9).
  5.  AV IN input terminals  — For use when connecting a composite video device.
  6.  AV output terminals — For use when connecting an video recorder with standard video 
and standard audio input.
  7.  Digital Audio (coaxial) output terminals — For use when connecting an amplifier with 
coaxial type digital audio input ( page 17-19).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  12DTV Connectors
AC IN
HDMI1 HDMI2RGB/PC
VIDEOL R
COMPONENT
VIDEOY Pb Pr
VIDEO LR
L R (COAXIAL) (OPTICAL)
SERV.CAV INAV OUT
TV  
89106
73
42
1
5
  1.  HDMI1, 2 (input terminals)  — High-Definition Multimedia Interface input receives digital 
audio and uncompressed digital video from an HDMI device or uncompressed digital video from a DVI device (
page 20-21).
  2.  PC input terminal —  For use when connecting a personal computer (PC) ( page 21-22).
  3.  Component input terminal  — For use when connecting a high-definition component 
video device with standard audio output. ( page 17).
  4.  Audio input terminal  — For use when PC, Component or DVI device with standard audio 
output.
 5. SERVICE  — T echnician service use only.
  6.  AV output terminals  — For use when connecting an ATV/DTV video recorder with 
standard video and standard audio input.
  7.  Composite input terminals  — For use when connecting a composite video device.
  8.  Digital Audio (coaxial) output terminals  — For use when connecting an amplifier with 
coaxial type digital audio input ( page 17-19).
  9.  Digital Audio (optical) output terminals  — For use when connecting an amplifier with 
optical type digital audio input ( page 17-19).
 TV (Antenna input terminal)10.  — Analogue TV/Digital DVB-T antenna signal input ( page 9).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  13FRONT PANEL CONTROLS
1
2
3
5
64
7
1 VOL + VOL + : Press to increase the sound volume level.
2. VOL - VOL -  : Press to decrease the sound volume level.
3. CH ▲ CH ▲: Press to select the next higher Programme number.
4. CH ▼ CH ▼: Press to select the next lower Programme number.
5. MENU Menu Button : Press to open or exit the OSD (on-screen display) menu.
6. INPUT Input Button : Press to select the input source.
7.  i POWERPower Button : Press to turn on/off (standby) the MFM set. (Press to turn on 
the MFM after the power on status, LED changes to the Green colour and stops flashing.)Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  14POWER
Press to turn ON/OFF (standby) the MFM.
SOURCE
Press repeatedly to choose the various input sources.
Number buttonsPress to enter TV channel 
number to select channel.
EPG
Press to display the Electronic Programme Guide.
PRE CH
Press to display the previous channel.
HDMI
Press to choose HDMI source mode.
VIDEO
Press to choose CV1, CV2, AV IN, AV2, or S VIDEO source mode.
TV
Press to choose TV source mode.
PC
Press to choose PC source mode.
VOL+ / VOL-
Press + or - to adjust the volume.
CH 
 / CH 
Press  or  to browse through 
the TV channels.
 MUTE
Switch the sound ON/OFF .ZOOM
Select the display aspect from Auto, Normal (4:3), Wide (16:9), subtitle, full screen, or 14:9 mode.
DUAL
Press to select from mono, stereo, or TV channel.
SOUND
Press to choose from Personal, Standard, News, or Movie.
PICTURE
Press to choose the Smart Picture mode from Personal, Vivid, Standard, Movie, Game, or Eco.
SLEEP
Press to set the preset time to switch the MFM to standby mode automatically.
MENU/EXIT
Press to open or close menu.
▲, ▼, ◄, ►, OK
Press to adjust or confirm the various function items on the menu.
INFO
Press to display or close the information screen.
Colour buttons
In TV mode: Follow the • 
directions in the OSD screen.
In T ext mode: T ext control • 
buttons.USING THE REMOTE CONTROLDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  15TELETEXT
Press to display or close the T eletext.
MIX
Display the T eletext with TV.
SIZE
Press to change the font size: Full screen, T op half and Bottom half.
SUBPAGE
Display the sub page (when available).
INDEX 
Press to return to page 100 or the index page.
SUBTITLE
In TV mode: It works only for turning • 
on the subtitle and change to the next page marked as subtitle.
In T ext mode: Select the next page • 
marked as a subtitle page and request it as the display page.
HOLD
Press to stop the scrolling of pages. The text decoder stops receiving data.
REVEAL
Reveal hidden information such as answers to a quiz.
FAV
No Function.
CH-LIST
Display the Channel List.
AD (Audio Description)
No function.
FREEZE
Press to freeze the TV picture.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  16VIEWING MODE ILLUSTRATIONS
Normal Mode 
The original content would be at the centre of the screen.
16:9 Content   
4:3 Content
Wide Mode
The original content in this mode has to fill the entire screen of the display.
16:9 Content   
4:3 Content
Zoom Mode
For those wide format images which are originally programmed into 4:3 frames with black bars 
around, this mode would stretch the image in both width and height for full display with active data.
   
Same image in Zoom modeDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  17 The unauthorized recording of television • 
programmes, DVDs, video tapes and other materials may infringe upon the provisions of copyright law.
The • COMPONENT VIDEO INPUT  
consists of three component video signals (Y, P
b, Pr) and provides the best picture 
performance. These terminals can only be used with component video compatible equipment such as a DVD video player.
Additional equipment and cables shown are • 
not supplied with this monitor.
TV OUTPUT•  
Supports only ATV/DTV signal to display out or by VCR TV signal recording use.
Connecting an audio system
Y ou can enjoy high quality dynamic sound by 
connecting the monitor to an audio system.
 CAUTION:
DO NOT connect the • DIGITAL AUDIO  
output terminal to the AC-3 RF input of a Dolby Digital Receiver with a built-in Dolby Digital decoder.
Connect the • DIGITAL AUDIO  output 
terminal to the Coaxial  input of a Receiver 
or Processor.
Refer to the owner’s manual of the • 
connected equipment as well.
When you connect the monitor to other • 
equipment, be sure to turn off the power and unplug all of the equipment from the wall outlet before making any connections.
The output sound of the monitor has a • 
wide dynamic range. Be sure to adjust the audio amplifier’s volume to a moderate listening level before turning on the power. Otherwise, the speakers and your hearing may be damaged by a sudden high volume sound.
T urn off the amplifier before you connect or • 
disconnect the monitor’s power cord. If you leave the amplifier power on, the speakers may be damaged.
 Warning:
When you are connecting (via the DIGITAL AUDIO  
output terminal) an AV decoder that does not have Dolby Digital or MPEG decoding function, be sure to set PCM  in SPDIF Type under SOUND menu. Otherwise, 
the speakers and your hearing may be damaged by a 
sudden high volume sound.CONNECTING TO THE MFM
BACK CONNECTIONS
ATV Connection example
PC IN
RGB/PC AUDIO
SERV.C
HDMI 1YP b P r L R
YP b P r L R COAXIALVIDEO L R
AV IN
VIDEO L R
AV OUTTV  
COMPONENT 1
COMPONENT 2
VCR(Recording)
Set Top Box
HDMI or DVI deviceDVD video player
(with component video
outputs) orTV back view
DTV Connection example
HDMI1 HDMI2RGB/PC
VIDEOL R
COMPONENT
VIDEOY Pb Pr
VIDEO LR
L R (COAXIAL) (OPTICAL)
SERV.CAV INAV OUT
TV  
VCR(Recording)
Set Top Box
HDMI or DVI deviceDVD video player
(with component video
outputs) orTV back view
 Before connecting any external equipment, • 
turn off all main power switches. If there is no switch, remove the main power plug from the wall socket.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  18Connecting an amplifier equipped 
with an MPEG decoder
ATV Connection
To Coaxial  Type
digital audio input
To Digital Audio
output terminalCoaxial  digital cable
(not supplied)Amplifier equipped with
MPEG decoder
DTV Connection
To Optical  or
Coaxial  Type
digital audio input
To Digital Audio
output terminalOptical  or Coaxial  
digital cable
(not supplied)Amplifier equipped with
MPEG decoder
Y ou can enjoy motion picture with dynamic 
realistic sound by connecting the monitor to an amplifier equipped with an MPEG audio decoder or MPEG audio processor. When using this setup, select  MPEG  in Audio Mode.Connecting an amplifier equipped 
with a Dolby Digital decoder
ATV Connection
Amplifier equipped with
Dolby Digital decoder
To Digital Audio
output terminalTo Coaxial  Type
digital audio input
Coaxial  digital cable
(not supplied)
DTV Connection
Amplifier equipped with
Dolby Digital decoder
To Optical  or
Coaxial  Type
digital audio input
To Digital Audio
output terminalOptical  or Coaxial  
digital cable
(not supplied)
Y ou can enjoy dynamic realistic sound by 
connecting the monitor to an amplifier equipped with a Dolby Digital decoder or Dolby Digital processor. When using this setup, select Dolby Digital in Audio Mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  19Connecting an amplifier equipped 
with a digital audio (optical or coaxial) input
ATV Connection
To Digital Audio
output terminalAmplifier equipped with
digital audio input decoder
To Coaxial  Type
digital audio input
Coaxial  digital cable
(not supplied)
DTV Connection
To Optical  or
Coaxial  Type
digital audio input
To Digital Audio
output terminalOptical  or Coaxial  
digital cable
(not supplied)Amplifier equipped with
digital audio input decoder
Y ou can enjoy dynamic sound of 2-channel digital 
stereo by connecting the monitor to an amplifier equipped with a digital audio (optical or coaxial) input and speaker system (right and left front speakers). When using this setup, select PCM  in 
SPDIF Type under SOUND menu.SIDE CONNECTIONS
ATV Connection example
R - OIDUA - L OEDIV SERVICE
ONLYEAR PHONE S-VIDEO HDMI 2TV side view
Mini Stereo Plug
DVD video player
(with composite video outputs) 
DTV Connection example
R - OIDUA - L OEDIV OEDIV-S SERVICE
ONLYEAR PHONETV side view
Mini Stereo PlugDVD video player
(with composite video outputs) 
The audio from the speaker will be muted • 
when connecting the headphone to this terminal.
The service port is for service only.• Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  20CONNECTING AN HDMI DEVICE
One HDMI cable (type A connector)
ATV Connection
1
HDMI outTV back view
HDMI device
DTV Connection
HDMI1 HDMI2
HDMI outTV back view
HDMI device
For proper operation, it is recommended that 
you use a short HDMI cable with the HDMI Logo      (
).
HDMI  cable transfers both video and audio.
NOTE:
It is possible that some HDMI device may • 
not operate properly with this MFM.CONNECTING AN HDMI OR A DVI DEVICE
NOTE:
When turning on your electronic • 
components, turn on the MFM first, and then the HDMI or DVI device.
When turning off your electronic • 
components, turn off the HDMI or DVI device first, and then the MFM.
This MFM may not be compatible with • 
features and/or specifications that may be added in the future.
Some early HDMI equipment may not work • 
properly with your latest HDMI MFM, due to the adoption of a new standard.
This MFM is only operable with L-PCM on • 
32/44. 1/48 kHz and 16/20/24 bits.
The HDMI input on your MFM receives digital 
audio and uncompressed digital video from an HDMI device or uncompressed digital video from a DVI device.
This input is designed to accept HDCP 
programme material in digital from EIA/CEA-861/861B compliant consumer electronic devices (such as a set top box or DVD player with HDMI or DVI output).
For acceptable video signal formats              
(
page 33).
The HDMI input is designed for best performance 
with 1080i high-definition video signals, but will also accept and display VGA, SVGA, XGA, WXGA, SXGA, 480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p, 1080i, and 1080p signals.
HDMI• : High-Definition Multimedia Interface
DVI• : Digital Video Interface
HDCP• : High-bandwidth Digital Content 
Protection
 EIA/CEA-861/861B compliance covers • 
the transmission of uncompressed digital video with high-bandwidth digital content protection, which is being standardized for reception of high-definition video signals. Because this is an evolving technology, it is possible that some devices may not operate properly with the MFM.
E-EDID• : Enhanced-Extended Display 
Identification
L-PCM• : Linear-Pulse Code ModulationDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  21CONNECTING A COMPUTER
An analogue RGB (15 pin) computer cable can be 
connected.
ATV Connection
PC IN
RGB/PC AUDIOTV back view
Mini D-sub 
15 pinComputer
RGB PC cableAudio cable for 
PC-to-TV 
connection
Conversion adapter(if necessary) (not provided)
DTV Connection
L RRGB/PCTV back view
Mini D-sub 
15 pin
Conversion adapter
(if necessary) (not provided)Computer
RGB PC cableAudio cable for 
PC-to-TV connection
Connect a PC cable from the computer to the  
RGB/PC  terminal on the back of the MFM.
For acceptable PC signal formats                 
(page 33).
However, these signal formats are converted to 
match the number of pixels of the LCD panel.
Therefore, the MFM may not display small text 
properly.
If you connect this unit to your PC, the 
compressed image is displayed in S-XGA mode, therefore the picture quality may deteriorate and characters may not be read.
NOTE:
Some PC models cannot be connected to • 
this MFM.
There is no need to use an adapter for • 
computers with DOS/ V compatible mini D-sub 15 pin terminal.CONNECTING A DVI DEVICE
One HDMI(type A connector)-to 
DVI adapter cable (not provided with MFM) and audio cables
ATV Connection
1LRTV back view
HDMI device
DTV Connection
HDMI1 HDMI2L RTV back view
HDMI device
HDMI (type A connector)-to-DVI adapter 
cable (not provided with MFM)For proper operation, the length of an HDMI-to-DVI adapter cable should not exceed 3m. The recommended length is 2m.
Standard analogue audio cables
An HDMI-to-DVI adapter cable (not provided 
with MFM) transfers only video. Separate analogue audio cables are required.
When connecting a DVI device, please connect to 
the HDMI 1 port only.
NOTE:
HDMI, the HDMI logo, and High-Definition • 
Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing, LLC.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  22USING THE OSD MENUS
FOR ATV MODEL
Press the 1. MENU/EXIT  button to display 
or close the main menu.
 Use the 2. Navigation Ring  to move around 
to select, adjust or confirm an item in the OSD (On Screen Display) menu.
Press the MENU/EXIT  button to enter the main 
OSD. Adjust the items including Picture , Sound , 
Features , and Installation . However, some 
function items in the menus may only be enabled in the particular source modes.
PICTURE MENU• 
Use Smart Picture
Press 1. VIDEO .
  The  /a2cornerdwnrt Smart picture  menu appears.
Press 2. ▲ ▼  to select one of the following 
smart picture settings.
Personal• 
Vivid• 
Standard• 
Movie• 
Game• 
Eco• 
Press 3. OK to confirm the choice. 
The selected smart picture setting is applied.
Adjust Picture Setting
Smart Picture
Backlight
Contrast
ColourBrightness
Hue
SharpnessVivid
10050
48
60
0
8
 Move SelectSound
Features
InstallationPicture
Press 1. MENU .
Press 2. OK to select Picture .
  The  /a2cornerdwnrt Picture  menu appears.A bar may appear in the upper, lower, right • 
or left side of the screen, or parts of the picture may be obscured depending on some signals. This is not the malfunction.
If the edges of the picture are stretched, • 
readjust the picture position adjustments in the PC of PICTURE menu.
Depending on the specification of the PC • 
you are playing the DVD-Video on, and the DVD’s title, some scenes may be skipped, or you may not be able to pause during multi-angle scenes.
SELECTING THE INPUT SOURCE
First press • SOURCE  on the remote control 
to display the video input source list, then press ▲ or ▼ and OK in order to select 
the PC input mode (
page 33).
This function may not be available for some • 
signal or if no signal is received.
The optimum points of the clock phase • 
and sampling clock adjustments may be incomprehensible according to the input signals.
Adjusting the picture settings
Press 1. MENU/EXIT  and use ◄ or ► to 
select PICTURE .
Use 2. ▲ and ▼ to select PC and press ► or 
OK.
Use 3. ▲ or ▼ to select an option and press 
◄ or ► to adjust the setting as required.
Using the Auto Adjust
Adjust Horizontal Position, Vertical Position, Horizontal Clock, and Clock Phase automatically. Depending on the type of signal, there is a possibility that the display may not be adjusted in its optimum condition with this function. In that case, please adjust each item manually.
Press 1. MENU/EXIT  and use ▲ and ▼to 
select Features .
Use 2. ► and ▼to select Auto Adjust  and 
press ► or OK.
Use 3. ► or OK to highlight Yes and press 
OK.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  23SOUND MENU• 
Use smart sound
Use smart sound to apply pre-defined sound 
settings.
Press 1. SOUND .
  The  /a2cornerdwnrt Smart sound  menu appears.
Press 2. ▲ ▼  to select one of the following 
smart sound settings.
• Standard:  Adjusts sound settings to suit 
standard environments and types of audio.
• News:  Adjusts sound settings to ideally 
suit spoken audio, such as the news.
• Movie:  Adjusts sound settings to ideally 
suit movies.
• Personal:  Applies the settings that were 
customised in the sound settings.
Press 3. OK to confirm your choice. 
The selected smart sound setting is applied.
Adjust sound settings
Press 1. MENU .
Press 2. ▲ ▼ ◄ ► to select Sound .
  The  /a2cornerdwnrt Sound  menu appears.
PictureSmart sound
Bass
Treble
BalanceVolume
Surround
Auto volumeMovid
4
4
8
0
Off
Off
 Move SelectSound
Features
InstallationPress 3. ▲ ▼ ◄ ► to select one of the 
following picture settings.
• Smart picture:  Accesses pre-defined 
smart picture settings.
Backlight:•  Adjusts the backlight brighter 
or darker.
• Contrast:  Changes the level of bright 
parts in the picture keeping the dark parts unchanged.
• Brightness:  Changes the level of light in 
the picture.
• Colour:  Changes the level of saturation.
Hue:•  Compensates colour variations in 
NTSC encoded transmissions.
Sharpness:•  Changes the level of 
sharpness of fine details.
• Noise reduction:  Filters and reduces 
the noise in the picture.
• Colour temperature:  Sets the colour 
temperature to Cool (bluer), Normal (balanced), Warm (redder). 
• Adv. picture:  Digitally adjusts picture 
quality to optimal contrast, colour and sharpness.
 –Dynamic contrast:  Automatically 
enhances contrast in an image. Medium  setting is recommended.
 –Dynamic backlight:  Adjusts the 
brightness of the TV backlight to match lighting conditions.
 –MPEG artifact re.:  Smooths out 
transitions on digital pictures. Y ou can switch this feature on or off.
 –Colour enhancement:  Makes 
colours more vivid and improves the resolution of details in bright colours. Y ou can switch this feature on or off.
• PC mode:  Adjusts the picture when a 
PC is connected to the TV via HDMI/DVI.
• Picture format:  Changes the picture 
format.
• Horizontal shift:  Adjusts the picture 
horizontally for PC-VGA or YPbPr.
• Vertical shift: Adjusts the picture 
vertically for PC-VGA or YPbPr.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  24FEATURES MENU• 
Set the TV clock
Y ou can display a clock on the TV screen.
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Features  ► Clock .
  The  /a2cornerdwnrt Clock menu appears.
Press 3. ▲ ▼ ◄ ► or Numeric buttons  to 
enter time.
Press 4. Done to confirm .
Press 5. MENU to exit .
User timers
Y ou can set timers to switch the TV on or switch 
to standby at a specified time.
PictureSleeptimer
Clock
On timer
Set codeTV lock01 : 200
Activate
Unlock
 Move SelectSound
Features
Installation
Automatically switch the TV to standby 
(Sleeptimer)Sleeptimer switches the TV to standby after a defined period of time.
Press 1. MENU.
Select 2. Feature ► Sleeptimer .
  The /a2cornerdwnrt  Sleeptimer menu appears.
Press 3. ◄ ► to set the sleep time. 
The Sleeptimer can be up to 180 minutes in steps of five minutes. If set to zero minutes, the Sleeptimer is switched off.
Press 4. OK to activate the Sleeptimer. 
The TV switches to standby after the pre-defined period of time.
NOTE 
Y ou can always switch off your TV earlier or • 
reset Sleeptimer during the countdown.
When you press any button on the remote • 
control with less than one minute left in the countdown, Sleeptimer will be automatically canceled.Press 3. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select one of the 
following sound settings.
• Smart sound:  Accesses pre-defined 
smart sound settings.
• Bass:  Adjusts the bass value to fit your 
best.
• Treble:  Adjusts the treble value to fit 
your best listening.
• Volume:  Adjusts the volume.
• Balance:  Sets the balance of the left and 
right speakers to best fit your listening.
• Dual I-II:  Selects between audio 
languages if dual sound is broadcast.
• Mono/Stereo:  Selects between mono or 
stereo if stereo is broadcast.
• Surround:  Enables spatial sound.
• Auto volume:  Automatically reduces 
sudden volume changes, for example, when switching channels. When enabled, this produces a more consistent audio volume.
• Delta volume:  Levels out volume 
differences between channels or connected devices. Switch to the connected device before you change the delta volume.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  25Enter your current code using the 7. 
Numeric buttons . 
If the code is validated, a new dialogue box will prompt you to enter your new code.
Enter the new code using the 8. Numeric 
buttons . 
A message appears prompting you to enter the new code again for confirmation.
NOTE 
If you forget your code, enter ‘8888’ to • 
override any existing codes.
Lock or unlock all channels and connected 
devices.
Press1.  MENU .
Press 2. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select Features  ► 
TV lock . 
Press 3. ► to enter the TV Lock.  
  A screen appears prompting you to enter  /a2cornerdwnrt
a code.
Enter your code using4.  Numeric buttons .
Press 5. ▲ ▼  to select Lock  or Unlock .
Press 6. OK. 
All channels and connected devices are locked or unlocked.
Press 7. MENU  to exit.
NOTE
If you select • Lock , you have to enter your 
code every time you turn on your TV. 
Once you set the code, step 3 and 4 won’t • 
appear before turn off the TV.
Lock or unlock one or more channels
When watching TV, press 1. CH LIST  to 
display the channel list.
Press 2. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select a channel to 
lock or unlock.
Press 3. ►.
Press 4. ▲ ▼  select Lock channel/Unlock 
channel.
For each selection, press 5. OK to lock or 
unlock the channel.Automatically switch the TV on  
(On timer)On timer switches the TV to a specified channel at a specified time from standby.
Press 
1. MENU .
Select 2. Features  ► On timer .
Press 3. ► to enter the On timer  menu.
Press 4. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select Activate and 
set a frequency Daily, Once, or Off .
Press 5. OK to confirm.
Press 6. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select Time and set the 
starting time.
Press 7. Done  to confirm.
Press 8. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select Programme 
no. and external source to set the channel.
Press 9. OK to confirm.
Press 10. MENU  to exit.  
NOTE
Select • On timer  ► Activate  ► Off to 
disable On timer .
When • On timer  is Off, only Activate  can 
be selected.
Set the • TV clock  before activating On 
timer  feature.
Use TV Lock
Y ou can prevent your children from watching 
certain programmes or certain channels by locking the TV controls.
Set / change code 
Press 1. MENU .
Press 2. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select  Features ► 
Set code .
Press3.  ► to enter the code  setup.
Enter your code using the 4. Numeric 
buttons . 
Re-enter the same code in the new dialogue 5. 
box for confirmation. If the code is set successfully, the dialogue box will disappear. However, if the code cannot be set, a new dialogue box will prompt you to re-enter the code.
If you want to change the code, select 6. 
Features ► Change code .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  26INSTALLATION• 
Install channels
The first time you set up your TV, you are 
prompted to select a menu language and to install TV.This chapter provides instructions on how to reinstall and fine tune channels.
Automatically install channels
This section describes how to search and store channels automatically.
Step 1 Select your menu language
NOTE 
Skip this step if your language setings are • 
correct.
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Installation ► Menu language .
Press 3. ▲ ▼  to select a language setting.
PictureMenu language
Channel install.
Factory settingsCurrent softwareChannel assistantEnglish
Reset
V0.02
 Move SelectSound
Features
Installation
Press 4. OK to confirm.
Press 5. MENU  to exit.Step 2 Install Channels
Select your country for proper channel installation.
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Installation ► Channel install ► 
Channel assistant .
PictureMenu language
Channel install.
Factory settings
Current softwareAnalogue : ManualChannel assistant
 Move SelectSound
Features
Installation
Press 3. ◄ ►  to select Start  or Cancel . 
Press 4. OK to confirm your choice.
Press 5. ► to next step.
Select 6. Start  and press OK to re-install 
channels.
Start automatic installation
This takes a few minutes.
Start?
If you want to stop searching, select 7. Stop  
and press OK.
  A dialogue box appears asking you if you  /a2cornerdwnrt
really want to Stop  or Continue  with the 
process.
Press 8. ◄ ►  to select Stop  or Continue .
Press 9. OK to confirm your choice.
When done, press 10. MENU  to exit.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  27Press 9. ◄ ►  to select Yes and press OK to 
store the new channel.
Press 10. MENU  to exit.
Fine tune analogue channels
Y ou can manually fine tune analogue channels when reception is poor.
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Installation ► Channel install ► 
Analogue: Manual . 
   /a2cornerdwnrtThe Analogue: Manual  menu appears.
Press 3. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select and enter Fine-
tune .
Press 4. ▲ ▼  to adjust frequency.
Press 5. OK when done.
Press 6. ▲ ▼  to select Store cur. chan.  to 
store channel number.
Press 7. ► to enter Store cur.chan. .
Press 8. ◄ ►  to select Yes and press OK to 
store the current channel.
Press 9. MENU  to exit.
Skip channels
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Installation  ► Channel install  ► 
Analogue: Manual . 
  The  /a2cornerdwnrt Analogue: Manual  menu appears.
Press 3. 
▲ ▼  to select and enter Skip 
channel .
Press 4. ◄ ►  to select Yes and press OK to 
skip the channel you are currently watching.
  The selected channel is skipped when you  /a2cornerdwnrt
press CH  /  on your remote control or 
view the channel list.
Press 5. MENU  to exit.
NOTE
Y ou can restore a skipped channel to your • 
channel listing (see ‘Step 2 Search and store new TV channels’). Manually install channels
This section describes how to search and store analogue TV channels manually. 
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Installation ► Channel install ► 
Analogue: Manual . 
   /a2cornerdwnrtThe Analogue: Manual  menu appears.
Press 3. ▲ ▼  to select the item you want to 
adjust.
Colour system• 
Sound system• 
Search• 
Fine-tune• 
Store cur. chan.• 
Store new channel• 
Skip channel• 
Step 1 Select your system
NOTE 
Skip this step if your system settings are • 
correct.
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Installation  ► Channel install  ► 
Analogue: Manual . 
  The  /a2cornerdwnrt Analogue: Manual  menu appears.
Press 3. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select and enter 
System .
Press 4. ▲ ▼  to select your country or 
region.
Press 5. OK to confirm.
Press 6. MENU  to exit.
Step 2 Search and store new TV channels
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Installation ► Channel install ► 
Analogue: Manual . 
  The  
/a2cornerdwnrt Analogue: Manual  menu appears.
Press 3. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select and enter 
Search .
Press 4. ▲ ▼  or use Numeric buttons  to 
manually enter the three digit frequency.
Press 5. OK to begin search.
Press 6. ◄ when the new channel is found.
Press 7. ▲ ▼  to select Store new channel  
under a new channel number.
Press 8. ► to enter Store new channel .Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  28Rename channels
Channels can be renamed so that a name of your 
choice appears whenever the channel is selected.
When watching TV, press 1. CH LIST  to 
display the channel list.
Select the channel you want to rename.2. 
Press 3. ►.
  The channel options menu appears. /a2cornerdwnrt
Press 4. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select and enter 
Rename chan. .
  A text input box appears. /a2cornerdwnrt
Press 5. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select characters. 
Press 6. OK to confirm each of the characters. 
NOTE
Rename channels- the length of the name is • 
limited to six characters.
Use • Aa to change upper-case letter to 
lower-case letter and vice versa.
Rearrange channels
After you install channels, you can rearrange the order in which they appear.
When watching TV, press 1. CH LIST  to 
display the channel list.
Press 2. ►.
  The channel options menu appears. /a2cornerdwnrt
Press 3. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select and enter 
Reorder .
Press 4. ▲ ▼ ◄ ►  to select the new 
position. 
Press 5. OK to confirm the new position. 
Press 6. ►.
   /a2cornerdwnrtDone reordering  appears.
Press 7. OK to finish reordering.
Reset the TV to factory settings
Y ou can restore the default picture and sound 
settings of your TV. Channel installation settings remain the same.
Press 1. MENU .
Select 2. Installation  ► Factory settings .
Reset3.  is highlighted.
Press 4. OK to reset to factory settings. 
Press 5. MENU  to exit. FOR DTV MODEL
Press the 1. MENU/EXIT  button to display 
or close the main menu.
Use the 2. Navigation Ring  to move around 
to select, adjust or confirm an item in the OSD (On Screen Display) menu.
Press the MENU/EXIT  button to enter the main 
OSD. Adjust the items including Picture , Sound , 
TV, Features , and Parental . However, some 
function items in the menus may only be enabled in the particular source modes.
PICTURE MENU• 
The Picture menu shown below in most source 
modes, provides several video adjustment items for fine tuning the video display.
PicturePicture Mode
BrightnessContrast
TintColour
Sharpness
Colour TemperatureAdvanced VideoStandard
505050
03
Cool
Enter Select Watch TV
EXIT OKSound
TV
Features
Parental
Picture Mode:1.  T o set the best picture 
appearance to a predefined picture setting from Standard, Vivid, Movie, Eco, or Personal.
Brightness:2.  T o brighten the dark parts of 
the picture.
Contrast:3.  T o sharpen the picture quality.
Colour:4.  T o add or reduce colour.
Tint:5.  T o adjust the picture tint.
Sharpness:6.  T o improve detail.
Colour T emperature:7.  T o choose between 
Normal (neutral), Warm (redder), and Cool (bluer).Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  29SOUND MENU• 
The Sound menu provides audio adjustment to 
modify the audio setting.
Picture Sound Mode
Equalizer 120Hz
Equalizer 500Hz
Equalizer 5KHzEqualizer 1.5KHz
Equalizer 10KHz
Balance
Surround Sound
SPDIF TypePersonal
0
0
00
0
0
Off
PCM
Enter Select Watch TV EXIT OKSound
TV
Features
Parental
Sound Mode:1.  T o set the MFM to a 
predefined sound setting from Personal, Music, or Speech.
Balance:2.  T o adjust the balance between left 
and right channels.
Surround Sound:3.  T o add greater depth 
and dimension to the MFM sound.
SPDIF T ype:4.  T o select the Digital Audio 
Out from PCM, Off, or Dolby Digital (Digital TV model only). 
SPDIF Delay:5.  SPDIF Delay function will 
affect Line out audio also delay at that time. The NorDig HD IRD supports the possibility to adjust the audio-delay on the SPDIF output (if available) up to 250 ms and it should be adjustable in 10ms steps, as the IRD may have several different user set-ups, resulting in different a/v delays; e.g. the IRD may be connected to several types of external audio-amplifiers and the STB may be connected to several types of external screens.
Stable Sound:6.  Choose On or Off to adjust 
volume to be consistent across programmes and channels automatically.Advanced Video:8.  
DNR•  - T o filter out and reduces the 
image noise and improve picture quality. Select the effect degrees from Off, Low, Middle, High, or Auto.
Flash T one•  - T o adjust the skin colour to 
be more natural.
Back Light•  - T o make the background 
colour brighter or darker.
DCR•  - Dynamic Contrast Ratio (DCR) 
auto adjusts the brightness of the screen to show more depths in the darker areas.
HDMI Mode•  - (HDMI only) User 
can select Auto/graphic/Video mode. Description as following:
Auto: Automatic to get device  –
information, device will indicate sending timing is video timing or graphic timing (PC timing).
Graphic: Force video timing shows  –
as graphic timing, for example: 720p shows 1280x720@60Hz; 1080i shows 1920x1080@60Hz. This mode optimises for PC input.
Video: Force graphic timing shows  –
as video timing, for example: 1280x720@60Hz shows 720p; 1920x1080@60Hz shows 1080i. This mode optimises for DVD player, camcorder, and other video appliances inputs.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  30TV MENU• 
The TV menu provides channel selection features.
Picture Channels
Subtitle
Teletext
Enter Select Watch TV EXIT OKSound
TV
Features
Parental
Country:1.  T o select the relevant country. 
This is the country you are in, or the country's channels you want to receive if you live near its borders.
Channels:2.  Enter the channels submenu, 
and choose from Channel Scan, Update Scan, Single RF Scan, Analogue Manual Scan, Channel Skip, Channel Sort, Channel Edit, Decoder, and Analogue CH Fine T une.
Channel scan•  - Channel Scan will 
re-tune the television automatically. It is recommended to run the Channel Scan periodically to ensure that all new services are added.
Update scan•  - Search the new channels 
automatically that are not in the channel list.
Single RF Scan (Digital TV model • 
only)  - Enter the Single RF Scan in 
the Channels submenu to scan digital channels.
Analogue Manual Scan•  - The television 
can be tuned-in manually using Analogue Manual Scan. Use the number keys to enter the Start Frequency to scan up or scan down.
Channel skip•  - T o prevent certain 
programmes from being viewed by pressing CH + / - buttons on the remote control, the programme position can be skipped. 
Tip: 
The skipped programme may not be • 
found by pressing CH + / - buttons but can be access by pressing number buttons directly.Channel sort•  - Changes the order of 
the Channel List.
Channel Edit•  - Enters the Channel 
Edit in the channels submenu to edit the channel number and channel name by using the number buttons 0~9. 
Note: 
The following RC number-mapping • 
table will not be shown on the MFM screen.
0. @ 0
1_ - 1
2A BCabc2
3D EFdef 3
4G HI gHi 4
5JKLj kl 5
6M NO m no6
7P Q RS pqr s7
8TUVt uv8
9W XYZwxyz9Available charactersRC
Decoder (Analogue TV Model • 
only)  - Channel Decode supports paid 
television channel; however, the channel also broadcast some un-encrypted programmes. These programmes without encryption can be viewed free of charge.
Analogue Channel Fine T une•  - 
Selects Analogue Channel Fine T une in the Channels submenu to adjust the frequency.
Subtitle:3. 
Analogue Subtitle•  - T o display the 
transmitted subtitle on the screen. Either this text can be permanently displayed (assuming that the service is available in the broadcast) or only when mute is active.
1st and 2nd Subtitle•  - Use the Digital 
Subtitle function when two or more subtitle languages are broadcasted. If subtitle data in a selected language is not broadcasted, the default language subtitle will be displayed.
T eletext:4. 
Digital T eletext•  - T o select the teletext 
language.
Decode Page Language•  - T o set the 
teletext language to the regional location.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  31FEATURES MENU• 
The Features menu in TV mode, shown below, 
gives the most flexibility for general demands. The various requirements in different source modes, allow some features to be hidden (disable) on the menu.
PictureOSD Language
Time SetupReset DefaultEnglish
Enter Select Watch TV
EXIT OKSound
TV
Features
Parental
OSD Language: 1. T o select the on-screen 
display menu language.
Time Setup:2. 
Time Zone•  - T o select the time zone 
you are in.
Time•  - T o set the time and date or select 
auto synchronization. 
Tip: 
Before you want to set the time • 
and date manually make sure Auto synchronization is Off.
Sleep Timer•  - T o set the MFM to turn 
itself off within a certain time.
Reset Default: 3. T o reset all MFM settings to 
the original factory values.PARENTAL MENU• 
The Parental Menu enables and defines parental 
controls for the MFM.
PictureChannel Block
Programme Block
Input Block
Factory DefaultChange Password
Enter Select Back EXIT OKSound
TV
Features
Parental
Channel Block:1.  T o block certain MFM 
channels.
Programme Block:2.  T o control access 
programmes based on age ratings. All settings apply to digital channels. 
Note: 
This function operates according to • 
information from the broadcasting station. Therefore if the signal has no information, this function does not operate.
Input Block:3.  T o disable the specific 
external input signals.
Change Password:4.  T o set or change your 
password, follow the on-screen instructions to set it your password in. All number combinations from 0000 to 9999 are valid. 
Tip: 
Remember that 5351 is the default • 
Change Password code. If your access code has been changed or you have forgotten the code, you can always get in by inputting the default code.
Factory Default:5.  T o clear all the settings in 
the parental submenu.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  32NOTICES
Power Cord Set Requirements
The MFM power supply is provided with 
Automatic Line Switching (ALS). This feature allows the MFM to operate on input voltages between 100–120V or 200–240V.
The power cord set (flexible cord or wall plug) 
received with the MFM meets the requirements for use in the country where you purchased the equipment. 
If you need to obtain a power cord for a different 
country, you should purchase a power cord that is approved for use in that country. 
The power cord must be rated for the product 
and for the voltage and current marked on the product's electrical ratings label. The voltage and current rating of the cord should be greater than the voltage and current rating marked on the product. In addition, the cross-sectional area of the wire must be a minimum of 0.75 mm² or 18 AWG, and the length of the cord must be between 6 feet (1.8 m) and 12 feet (3.6 m).If you have questions about the type of power cord to use, contact an authorized HP service provider. 
A power cord should be routed so that it is not 
likely to be walked on or pinched by items placed upon it or against it. Particular attention should be paid to the plug, electrical outlet, and the point where the cord exits from the product.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  33TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Acceptable Video signals through HDMI terminals
Format Resolution V. Frequency H. Frequency Pixel Clock Frequency
480i 720 x 480i 60.000Hz 15.734kHz 27.000MHz
480p 720 x 480p 60.000Hz 31.500kHz 27.000MHz /27.030MHz
576i 720 x 576i 50.000Hz 15.625kHz 27.000MHz
576p 720 x 576p 50.000Hz 31.250kHz 54.000MHz
720p 1280 x 720p 50.000Hz 37.500kHz 74.250MHz
720p 1280 x 720p 59.940 Hz / 60.000Hz 44.960kHz / 45.000kHz 74.170MHz /74.250MHz
1080i 1920 x 1080i 59.940 Hz / 60.000Hz 33.720kHz / 33.750kHz 74.170MHz /74.250MHz
1080i 1920 x 1080i 50.000Hz 28.125kHz 74.250MHz
1080p 1920 x 1080p 50.000Hz 56.250kHz 148.500MHz
1080p 1920 x 1080p 59.940 Hz / 60.000Hz 67.430kHz / 67.500kHz 148.350MHz /148.500MHz
Acceptable PC signals through HDMI/D-SUB terminals
Format Resolution V. Frequency H. Frequency Pixel Clock Frequency
VGA 640x480 59.940Hz 31.469kHz 25.175MHz
VGA 640x480 72.809Hz 37.861kHz 31.500MHzVGA 640x480 75.000Hz 37.500kHz 31.500MHzVGA 720x400 70.087Hz 31.469kHz 28.322MHz
SVGA 800x600 56.250Hz 35.156kHz 36.000MHzSVGA 800x600 60.317Hz 37.879kHz 40.000MHzSVGA 800x600 72.188Hz 48.077kHz 50.000MHzSVGA 800x600 75.000Hz 46.875kHz 49.500MHz
XGA 1024x768 60.004Hz 48.363kHz 65.000MHzXGA 1024x768 70.069Hz 56.476kHz 75.000MHzXGA 1024x768 75.029Hz 60.023kHz 78.750MHz
WXGA 1280x720 59.855Hz 44.772kHz 74.500MHz
SXGA 1280x1024 60.020Hz 63.981kHz 108.000MHz
WXGA 1440x900 60.000Hz 55.940kHz 106.500MHz
WSXGA 1680x1050 60.000Hz 65.290kHz 146.250MHz
FHD 1920x1080 60.000Hz 67.500kHz 148.500MHz
HDMI, the HDMI logo, and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered 
trademarks of HDMI Licensing, LLC.
NOTE: 
For PC input, for only supported PC signal can show the correct resolution on TV display.• 
Signal names for mini D-sub 15 pin connector
5
10 6
15 111Pin assignment for RGB/PC terminal Pin No. Signal name Pin No. Signal name
1 R 9 VGA-5V
2 G 10 Ground3 B 11 NC (not connected)4 NC (not connected) 12 VGA-SDA5 NC (not connected) 13 H-sync6 Ground 14 V-sync7 Ground 15 VGA-SCL8 GroundDownloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  34Analogue TV Model Specifications
Model
2310mfa
Power source
220 V-240 V AC, 50 Hz
Power consumption
2310mfa: 65W
Standby (approx.)
0.5W
Dimensions
560.3mm(W) 399.3mm(H) 175.4mm(D)
Mass (Weight)
7 kg
Net (Weight without stand)
5.15 kg
Analogue TV system (Antenna input)
Channel coverage: 
PAL B/G DK, I  NTSC M/N 
COMPONENT VIDEO INPUT terminals (the signal 
format)
480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p (50/60 Hz), 1080i, 1080p (50/60 
Hz) (These signal formats are converted to match the number of pixels of the LCD panel.)
Composite Colour system (analogue TV system)
PAL, SECAM, NTSC 3.58/4.43
Aspect ratio
16 : 9
Visible size (diagonal)
477.41x268.41mm
Number of pixels
1,366 (H) dots x 768 (V) dots
Sound output (at 10 
% distortion)
3W + 3W
Headphone socket
R3.5mm stereo.Input/Output terminals
 (1) Input
RCA Component VideoRCA Composite VideoAudio : RCAY, PB/CB, PR/CR
CVBSL/Mono+R
 (2) Input
RCA/Mini-Din(4 pin)Composite Video(CVBS)+S-videoAudio : RCA L/Mono+R
(shared betweenS-Video andComposite)
 TV Output
RCA video ouputAudio out RCA(L+R)
 RGB/PC Input
Mini D-sub 15 pin Analogue RGB
  PC/HDMI1 / 
ComponentInput
RCA Audio L+R
 HDMI1 Input(type A)
19 pin A/V Digital
 HDMI2 Input(type A)
19 pin A/V Digital
  Digital Audio  
(Coaxial)Output
Bitstream/PCM
Headphone jack 3.5 mm (Diameter) stereo
Operating condition
T emperature 5 °C - 35 °C 
Humidity 20 % - 80 % (No moisture condensation)
Design and specifications are subject to change without • 
notice.
Never service or remodel the TV by yourself. It may • 
expose you to a fire hazard or dangerous voltages.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  35Digital TV Model Specifications
Model
2310mfd
Power source
220 V-240 V AC, 50 Hz
Power consumption
2310mfd: 65W
Standby
0.5W
Dimensions
560.3mm(W) 399.3mm(H) 175.4mm(D)
Mass (Weight)
7 kg
Net (Weight without stand)
5.15 kg
Analogue TV system (Antenna input)
Channel coverage: 
PAL B/G (CCIR) VHF 0 - 12     UHF 27 - 69     CATV C2, C10, C31      S2 - S44
Digital TV System
Compliant Standard DVB-T 
Video Decoding MP @ ML & MP @ HL Audio Decoding Dolby® Digital, MPEG (I & II) Audio Sampling Rate 32, 44.1, 48 kHz
Digital TV T errestrial T uner / Demodulator
Frequency 51~858 MHz 
Loop Through 51~858 MHz Bandwidth 7 MHz Demodulator COFDM FFT Mode 8 K Constellation QPSK, 64 QAM Guard Interval 1/8, 1/16 Inner Coding Rate 2/3, 3/4
COMPONENT VIDEO INPUT terminals (the signal 
format)
480i, 480p, 576i, 576p, 720p (50/60 Hz), 1080i, 1080p (50/60 
Hz) (These signal formats are converted to match the number of pixels of the LCD panel.)
Composite Colour system (analogue TV system)
PAL, SECAM, NTSC 3.58/4.43Aspect ratio
16 : 9
Visible size (diagonal)
477.41x268.41mm
Number of pixels
1,366 (H) dots x 768 (V) dots
Sound output (at 10 % distortion)
3W + 3W
Headphone socket
R3.5mm stereo.
Input/Output terminals
 (1) Input
RCA Component VideoRCA Composite VideoAudio : RCAY, PB/CB, PR/CR
CVBSL/Mono+R
 (2) Input
RCA/Mini-Din(4 pin)Composite Video(CVBS)+S-videoAudio : RCA L/Mono+R
(shared betweenS-Video andComposite)
 TV Output
RCA video ouputAudio out RCA(L+R)
 RGB/PC Input
Mini D-sub 15 pin Analogue RGB
  PC/HDMI1 / 
ComponentInput
RCA Audio L+R
 HDMI1 Input(type A)
19 pin A/V Digital
 HDMI2 Input(type A)
19 pin A/V Digital
  Digital Audio 
(Optical + Coaxial) Output
Bitstream/PCM
Headphone jack 3.5 mm (Diameter) stereo
Operating condition
T emperature 5 °C - 35 °C 
Humidity 20 % - 80 % (No moisture condensation)
Design and specifications are subject to change without • 
notice.
Never service or remodel the TV by yourself. It may • 
expose you to a fire hazard or dangerous voltages.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  36TROUBLESHOOTING
Please make these simple checks before calling service. These tips may save you time and money since 
charges for receiver installation and adjustments of customer controls are not covered under your warranty.
Symptoms Items to Check and Actions to follow
“Ghost ” or double image This may be caused by obstruction to the • 
antenna due to high rise buildings or hills. Using a highly directional antenna may improve the picture. 
No power Check if the TV’s AC power cord is plugged • 
into the mains socket.
Unplug the TV, wait for 60 seconds. Then • 
reinsert plug into the mains socket and turn on the TV again.
No picture Check antenna connections at the rear of the • 
TV to see if it is properly connected to the TV.
Possible broadcast station trouble. • 
Try another channel.
Adjust the contrast and brightness settings.• 
Check the Closed Captions control. Some • 
TEXT modes could block the screen.
Good picture but no sound Increase the VOLUME. • 
Check if the TV is muted; press the MUTE • 
button on the remote control.
For PC operation, if a DVI to HDMI cable • 
is used, make sure a separate audio cable is connected between the PC and MFM.
Good sound but poor colour Adjust the contrast, colour and brightness • 
settings.
Poor picture Poor picture quality may occur when an • 
activated S-VHS camera or camcorder is connected to your TV and the other peripheral at the same time. Switch off one of the peripherals.
Snowy picture and noise Check the antenna connection. • 
Horizontal dotted line This may be caused by electrical interference • 
(e.g. hair dryer, nearby neon lights, etc.)
T urn off the equipment.• 
T elevision not responding to remote control Check whether the batteries are working. • 
Replace if necessary.
Clean the remote control sensor lens on the • 
TV.
Y ou can still use the buttons at the front of • 
your TV.
Select the TV mode to ensure your remote • 
control is set in the TV mode.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  37Online T echnical Support
For the online access to technical support information, self-solve tools, online assistance, community 
forums of IT experts, broad mutlivendor knowledge base, monitoring and diagnostic tools, go to http://www.hp.com/support.
Preparing to Call T echnical Support
If you cannot solve a problem using the trouble shooting tips in this section, you may need to call technical support. Have the following information available when you call: 
MFM unit model number• 
Serial number for the MFM unit• 
Purchase date on invoice• 
Conditions under which the problem occurred• 
Error messages received• 
Hardware configuration• 
Hardware and software you are using• 
TIPS
Care of the screen
Do not rub or strike the screen with anything hard as this may scratch, mar, or damage the screen 
permanently.Unplug the power cord before cleaning the screen. Dust the MFM by wiping the screen and the cabinet with a soft, clean cloth. If the screen requires additional cleaning, use a clean, damp cloth. Do not use liquid cleaners or aerosol cleaners.
Mobile telephone warning
T o avoid disturbances in picture and sound, malfunctioning of your MFM or even damage to the MFM, 
keep your mobile telephone away from the MFM.
HP Recycling Program
HP encourages customers to recycle used electronic hardware, HP original print cartridges, and 
rechargeable batteries. For more information about recycling programs, go to http://www.hp.com/recycle.
GLOSSARY
HDTV
HDTV displays are technically defined as being capable of displaying a minimum of 720p or 1080i/p active 
scan lines.
HDMI Inputs
High-Definition Multimedia Interface
Audio / Video Inputs
Located on the rear of the receiver, these connectors (RCA phono type plug) are used for the input of 
audio and video signals. Designed for use with VCRs (or other accessories) in order to receive higher picture resolution and offer sound connection options.
Menu 
An on-screen listing of features shown on the TV screen is made available for user adjustments.
RF
Radio Frequency or modulated signal design used as the carrier for television broadcasts.
Sleep Timer
Y ou can set a time period for which the TV will be turn off automatically.Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  38Downloaded from www.Manualslib.com  manuals search engine  